A banana is an elongated, edible fruit – botanically a berry – produced by 
several kinds of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa. In some 
countries, bananas used for cooking may be called "plantains", distinguishing 
them from dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color, and firmness, 
but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in starch covered 
with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown when ripe. The 
fruits grow upward in clusters near the top of the plant. Almost all modern 
edible seedless (parthenocarp) bananas come from two wild species – Musa 
acuminata and Musa balbisiana. The scientific names of most cultivated bananas 
are Musa acuminata, Musa balbisiana, and Musa × paradisiaca for the hybrid Musa 
acuminata × M. balbisiana, depending on their genomic constitution. The old 
scientific name for this hybrid, Musa sapientum, is no longer used.
Musa species are native to tropical Indomalaya and Australia, and are likely to 
have been first domesticated in New Guinea. They are grown in 135 countries, 
primarily for their fruit, and to a lesser extent to make fiber, banana wine, 
and banana beer, and as ornamental plants. The world's largest producers of 
bananas in 2017 were India and China, which together accounted for 
approximately 38% of total production.
Worldwide, there is no sharp distinction between "bananas" and "plantains". 
Especially in the Americas and Europe, "banana" usually refers to soft, sweet, 
dessert bananas, particularly those of the Cavendish group, which are the main 
exports from banana-growing countries. In the US, as of 2019, these bananas, by 
poundage, are the most consumed fresh fruit.[8] By contrast, Musa cultivars 
with firmer, starchier fruit are called "plantains". In other regions, such as 
Southeast Asia, many more kinds of banana are grown and eaten, so the binary 
distinction is not as useful and is not made in local languages.
The term "banana" is also used as the common name for the plants that produce 
the fruit. This can extend to other members of the genus Musa, such as the 
scarlet banana (Musa coccinea), the pink banana (Musa velutina), and the Fe'i 
bananas. It can also refer to members of the genus Ensete, such as the snow 
banana (Ensete glaucum) and the economically important false banana (Ensete 
ventricosum). Both genera are in the banana family, Musaceae.