Wei?, Frank Ulrich	1066
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Surgical Trauma Leads to a Shorter Survival in a Murine Orthotopic Pancreatic Cancer Model.
Polymorphisms at PRSS1-PRSS2 and CLDN2-MORC4 loci associate with alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis in a European replication study.
Gene Conversion between Cationic Trypsinogen (PRSS1) and the Pseudogene Trypsinogen 6 (PRSS3P2) in Patients with Chronic Pancreatitis.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Genetic susceptibility factors for alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis.
A recombined allele of the lipase gene CEL and its pseudogene CELP confers susceptibility to chronic pancreatitis.
Liver injury and genetic polymorphisms in the cytochrome P450 and UDP-glucuronosyltransferase genes.
Lipase gene Fusion: a new route to chronic pancreatitis
miRNAs and chemoresistance of pancreatic cancer: the role of mir-125b and mir-100 in gemcitabine resistance
Cathepsin B mediated Protease activation increases acinar cell apoptosis
Genetic variants associated with PDAC also contribute to chronic pancreatitis
Chronic stress promotes neoangiogenesis in a syngenetic orthotopic mouse model of pancreatic cancer
Long-term cancer surveillance of patients with hereditary pancreatitis and ERCP-proven pancreatic duct strictures
Langzeituntersuchung zur Karzinomentstehung bei Patienten mit hereditärer Pankreatitis und Pankreasgangstenosen in der ERCP
Cathepsin D Expression in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells increases Proliferation and reduces survival of pancreatic cancer patients
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with a distinct fecal microbiome signature - a case control study
Cathepsin D Expression in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells increases Proliferation and reduces survival of pancreatic cancer patients
Chronic stress increases experimental pancreatic cancer growth, reduces survival and can be antagonised by beta-adrenergic receptor blockade.
The lysosomal Protease Cathepsin C regulates leukocyte invasion and apoptosis in acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin C reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis durch Beeinflussung der Leukozyteninfiltration und Apoptose
EGFR1 Targeted Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil Using Tumor Specific Theranostic Aptamers in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma
Intracellular Trypsinogen Activation in Phagocyting Macrophages Acts as DAMP Fueling Severe Acute Pancreatitis
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Experimental pancreatitis is characterized by rapid T cell activation, Th2 differentiation that parallels disease severity, and improvement after CD4 T cell depletion.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Nup133 and ER? mediate the differential effects of hyperoxia-induced damage in male and female OPCs.
Exocrine Pancreatic Function Modulates Plasma Metabolites Through Changes in Gut Microbiota Composition.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
Depletion of CD25+/FoxP3+ regulatory T cells increases fibrosis in a chronic model of pancreatitis
Disturbance of the immunoproteasome function and ER stress response correlates with persistent pancreatic damage in acute pancreatitis
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Entwicklung eines prädiktiven Modells zur frühzeitigen Detektion der infizierten Pankreasnekrose bei akuter Pankreatitis
Loss of muscle mass and strength in experimental chronic pancreatitis
Impact of systemic bile acids in acute pancreatitis depend on their hydrophobicity and may result from their interaction with CCK1 receptor
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Whole-exome Sequencing Identifies SLC52A1 and ZNF106 Variants as Novel Genetic Risk Factors for (Early) Multiple-organ Failure in Acute Pancreatitis.
Independent Validation and Assay Standardization of Improved Metabolic Biomarker Signature to Differentiate Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma From Chronic Pancreatitis.
Inhibition of KRAS, MEK and PI3K Demonstrate Synergistic Anti-Tumor Effects in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Cell Lines.
Malnutrition Is Highly Prevalent in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis and Characterized by Loss of Skeletal Muscle Mass but Absence of Impaired Physical Function.
[The role of the microbiome in diseases of the pancreas].
Plasma renalase levels are associated with the development of acute pancreatitis.