Baldauf, J?rg	1068
The small-chamber irrigation technique (SCIT): a simple maneuver for managing intraoperative hemorrhage during endoscopic intraventricular surgery.
Endoscopic Endonasal Approach for Craniopharyngiomas.
Endoscopic Biopsy for Intra- and Paraventricular Tumors: Rates of Complications, Mortality, and Tumor Cell Dissemination.
Endoscopic vs Open Decompression of the Ulnar Nerve in Cubital Tunnel Syndrome: A Prospective Randomized Double-Blind Study.
A new score to predict the risk of hearing impairment after microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm
The value of lateral spread response monitoring in predicting the clinical outcome after microvascular decompression in hemifacial spasm: a prospective study on 100 patients.
Neuroendoscopic stent placement for cerebrospinal fluid pathway obstructions in adults.
Cement leakage in pedicle screw augmentation: a prospective analysis of 98 patients and 474 augmented pedicle screws.
Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Hydrocephalus in Adults.
Endoscopic Third Ventriculostomy prior to posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Frequency and treatment of hydrocephalus prior to and after posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Incidence of and Causes for Ventriculoperitoneal Shunt Failure in Children Younger Than 2 Years: A Systematic Review.
Long-Term Results After Endoscopic Resection of Colloid Cysts.
A radiological and anatomic examination of intralaminar screws in the thoracic spine-a theoretical feasibility study.
Primary leptomeningeal melanocytic tumors of the spine: report of two cases and review of the literature
Nerve Compression Syndromes in the Posterior Cranial Fossa.
Quality of life and olfactory function after suprasellar craniopharyngioma surgery-a single-center experience comparing transcranial and endoscopic endonasal approaches
GD2 targeting by dinutuximab beta is a promising immunotherapeutic approach against malignant glioma.
Rhinoneurochirurgie – endoskopische  endonasale Schädelbasischirurgie
Repair of the sellar floor using bioresorbable polydioxanone foils after endoscopic endonasal pituitary surgery.
ETV in infancy and childhood below 2 years of age for treatment of hydrocephalus.
Long-term outcome and quality of life after CNS cavernoma resection: eloquent vs. non-eloquent areas.
A multivariable prediction model for recovery patterns and time course of symptoms improvement in hemifacial spasm following microvascular decompression
Long-term quality of life after ETV or ETV with consecutive VP shunt placement in hydrocephalic pediatric patients
Immunophenotyping of Circulating and Intratumoral Myeloid and T Cells in Glioblastoma Patients