Kuhn, Sven-Olaf	108
Prevalence and clinical implications of anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in intensive care patients: a prospective observational study.
Fulminante Pneumokokkensepsis nach Splenektomie
Discrepant post filter ionized calcium concentrations by common blood gas analyzers in CRRT using regional citrate anticoagulation.
Incidence of pathogen detection in blood cultures of severe sepsis and septic shock patients is higher, if blood cultures were drawn before anti-infective therapy
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of intensive care - and hospital length of stay for severe sepsis and septic shock patients by a continuois quality improvement program over 7.5 years
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Patient-side automated blood culture incubation shortens the time to positivity significantly
Transfusion practice in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock was not affected by cardiac comorbidities: a retrospective study
Mortality of blood-culture-positive vs. blood-culture-negative patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Anhaltende Reduktion der Intensiv- und Krankenhausliegedauer bei schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock durch ein kontinuierliches Qualitätsmanagementprojekt über 7,5 Jahre
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
Effect of Hydrocortisone on Development of Shock Among Patients With Severe Sepsis: The HYPRESS Randomized Clinical Trial
How Sepsis-3 changes previous severe sepsis and septic shock cohorts in respect to mortality and length of stay
Dexmedetomidine in Patients With Sepsis Requiring Mechanical Ventilation.
Use of the qSOFA Score in the Emergency Department.
Fluid Resuscitation in Sepsis: "Get the Balance Right".
Dynamic Evolution of SOFA-Score before Sepsis-1 Onset in Patients with ICU acquired Sepsis
Procalcitonin  levels to predict blood culture results in patients with suspected infections
The role of enterococci in the treatment of patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Detection of Staphylococcus aureus Bacteremia by fully automated Multiplex PCR (Curetis Unyvero)
Early detection of ESBL by Accelerate PhenoTM system - a case report
Impact of antibiotic administration on blood culture positivity at the beginning of sepsis: a prospective clinical cohort study.
Do Sepsis-3 criteria facilitate earlier recognition of sepsis and septic shock? A retrospective cohort study.
Sepsis-3 Is a Positive Evolution in Discrimination Between Septic and Nonseptic Patients As Well As Sepsis Entities, Not a Step Backward.
Sepsis ist ein Notfall – was müssen wir beachten?
On-site blood culture incubation shortens the time to knowledge of positivity and microbiological results in septic patients.
Reply to the Letter to the Editor: Earlier Recognition of Sepsis and Septic Shock With Sepsis-3 Criteria - It's Still Early Days!
Impact of source of infection on frequency and severity of organ dysfunction in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock.
Diagnostic performance of Unyvero intra-abdominal infection assay compared to standard microbiological culture in patients with abdominal sepsis
Spendererkennung und Intensivtherapie des potenziellen Organspenders
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
Sepsis mortality in Germany-Good comparable data are currently unavailable
Fever and hypothermia represent two populations of sepsis patients and are associated with outside temperature
Do not forget the blood cultures!
Alpha-Toxin in Deep Tracheal Aspirates-Preliminary Evidence for Its Presence in the Lungs of Sepsis Patients.
(1???3)-?-D-Glucan-guided antifungal therapy in adults with sepsis: the CandiSep randomized clinical trial.
(1???3)-?-D-Glucan-guided antifungal therapy in adults with sepsis: the CandiSep randomized clinical trial.