Steveling, Antje	1230
[Neuroendocrine tumours of the GI tract--data from the German NET Registry].
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
[Hyperthyroid and acute tonsillitis in a 23-year-old woman].
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
Plasma copeptin in children and adolescents with type 1 Diabetes melitus in comparison to healthy controls
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Geriatric nutritional risk index correlates with length of hospital stay and inflammatory markers in older inpatients.
Evaluation of a non-invasive multisensor accelerometer for calculating energy expenditure in ventilated intensive care patients compared to indirect calorimetry and predictive equations.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review.
Early Parenteral Nutrition in Patients with Biliopancreatic Mass Lesions, a Prospective, Randomized Intervention Trial.
Identification of Predictors for Weight Reduction in Children and Adolescents with Overweight and Obesity (IDA-Insel Survey).
Predictors and determinants for weight reduction in overweight and obese children and adolescents.
Plasma copeptin in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus in comparison to healthy controls.
Physical Activity, Energy Expenditure, Nutritional Habits, Quality of Sleep and Stress Levels in Shift-Working Health Care Personnel.
Regionaler Vergleich von Ernährungsgewohnheiten der Normalbevölkerung in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Technology in Diabetes Treatment: Update and Future.
Rehabilitation in Germany 2004-2016 A Multicenter Analysis Over a Period of 13 Years in Children and Adolescents with Diabetes Mellitus.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Quality of life and olfactory function after suprasellar craniopharyngioma surgery-a single-center experience comparing transcranial and endoscopic endonasal approaches
Is the Obesity Paradox in Type 2 Diabetes Due to Artefacts of Biases? An Analysis of Pooled Cohort Data from the Heinz Nixdorf Recall Study and the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Efficiency of a 15-Week Weight-Loss Program, Including a Low-Calorie Formula Diet, on Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Overweight or Obesity.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Gastric Balloon Implantation as Part of Morbid Adiposity Therapy Changes the Structure of the Stomach Wall
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Excess Body Weight and Pancreatic Disease.
In Reply.
Fructose Consumption-Free Sugars and Their Health Effects.
Association between thyroid function and assessment of hepatic fat and iron contents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Malnutrition Is Highly Prevalent in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis and Characterized by Loss of Skeletal Muscle Mass but Absence of Impaired Physical Function.
Abdominal Morphologic Changes in MRI during Gastric Balloon Therapy
Associations of age, sex, and socioeconomic status with adherence to guideline recommendations on protein intake and micronutrient supplementation in patients with sleeve gastrectomy or Roux-en-Y gastric bypass