Samietz, Stefanie	1236
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
The association between IGF-I / IGFBP-3 and subclinical endpoints - epidemiology faces the limits.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relation of IGF1 and IGF-binding protein 3 with lipid metabolism.
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Pocket depth and bleeding on probing and their associations with dental, lifestyle, socioeconomic and blood variables: a cross-sectional, multicenter feasibility study of the German National Cohort.
Resin-based pit-and-fissure sealants: microleakage reduction and infiltration enhancement using a bonding agent.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Development and testing of satisfaction questionnaires for patients with removable dental prostheses.
Impact of prosthodontic rehabilitation on the masticatory performance of partially dentate older patients: Can it predict nutritional state? Results from a RCT.
Four-year outcomes of restored posterior tooth surfaces-a massive data analysis.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets
Prosthetic Tooth Replacement in a German Population Over the Course of 11 Years: Results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Validation of a purpose-built chewing gum and smartphone application to evaluate chewing efficiency.
Erratum to "Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets".
The Saliva Metabolome in Association to Oral Health Status
Die Zahnzahl in einer parodontologischen Fachzahnarztpraxis ausgewertet über zwölf Jahre
Design und Qualitätskontrolle der zahnmedizinischen Untersuchung in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie [Design and quality control of the oral health status examination in the German National Cohort (GNC)]
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Is Continuous Eruption Related to Periodontal Changes? A 16-Year Follow-up.
Ten-year trends in DMF-S and DMF-T in a northeast German adult population Schmoeckel J, Haq J, Samietz S, Santamaría RM, Mourad MS, Völzke H, Kocher T, Splieth CH, Holtfreter B.
Polypharmacy and saliva volumes in the northeast of Germany - The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Prevalence and risk factors of potentially malignant disorders of the mucosa in the general population: Mucosa lesions a general health problem?
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Routine Data Analyses for Estimating the Caries Treatment Experience of Children.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Impact of dental restorations and removable prostheses on potentially malignant oral mucosal disorders in the general population
Powered tooth brushes are beneficial for long-term oral health: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND).
Distribution patterns of occlusal contact areas on natural posterior teeth - Evaluations of a cross-sectional population-based study with the Greifswald Digital Analyzing System (GEDAS).