Wallaschofski H	1266
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Relation of insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF binding protein 3 with markers of inflammation: results of a population-based study.
Sex-Specific Associations Between Thyrotropin and Serum Lipid Profiles.
A robust method for genome-wide association meta-analysis with the application to circulating insulin-like growth factor I concentrations.
[TSH-reference range of adults: results from the population-based study KORA F4].
Aldosterone and glomerular filtration - observations in the general population.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Age and sex specific reference intervals across life-span for insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) and the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio measured by new automated chemiluminescence assays.
Reference Intervals for Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 (IGF-1) From Birth to Senescence: Results From a Multicenter Study Using a New Automated Chemiluminescence IGF-1 Immunoassay Conforming to Recent International Recommendations.
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
The association between IGF-I / IGFBP-3 and subclinical endpoints - epidemiology faces the limits.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relation of IGF1 and IGF-binding protein 3 with lipid metabolism.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Associations between thyroid hormones and serum metabolite profiles in an euthyroid population.
Association between serum vitamin D concentrations and inflammatory markers in the general adult population.
Testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin and the metabolic syndrome in men: an individual participant data meta-analysis of observational studies.
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Incidence of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality predicted by symmetric dimethylarginine in the population-based study of health in pomerania
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Thyroid antibody status, subclinical hypothyroidism, and the risk of coronary heart disease: an individual participant data analysis.
Novel approach identifies SNPs in SLC2A10 and KCNK9 with evidence for parent-of-origin effect on body mass index.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Function-impairing polymorphisms of the hepatic uptake transporter SLCO1B1 modify the therapeutic efficacy of statins in a population-based cohort.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
A high aldosterone to renin ratio is associated with high serum parathyroid hormone concentrations in the general population
Lower bone turnover markers in metabolic syndrome and diabetes: The population-based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Fracture risk and risk factors for osteoporosis - results from two representative population-based studies in North East Germany (Study of Health in Pomerania: SHIP-2 und SHIP-Trend)
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
Regional Variation of Chronic Kidney Disease in Germany: Results From Two Population-Based Surveys.
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Endogenous androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin in women and risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes.
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Association of sex hormones with incident 10-year cardiovascular disease and mortality in women.
Thyrotropin serum levels are differentially associated with biochemical markers of bone turnover and stiffness in women and men: results from the SHIP cohorts.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor 8 (MFG-E8) Is a Novel Anti-Inflammatory Factor in Rheumatoid Arthritis in Mice and Humans.
Estimated daily salt intake in relation to blood pressure and blood lipids: the role of obesity.
Distinct urinary metabolic profiles associated with serum TSH and FT4 concentrations
Knochengesundheit in Vorpommern
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Increased prevalence of diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome in patients with primary aldosteronism of the German Conn's Registry.
Proposal of a clinical response score and predictors of clinical response to 2 years of GH replacement therapy in adult GH deficiency.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Serum androgen concentrations and subclinical measures of cardiovascular disease in men and women.
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Clinical correlates of sex hormones in women: The study of health in Pomerania.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
Correction: The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Associations of androgens with health care utilization and costs in women - Perspectives of a population-based cohort study.
Metabolic Fingerprints of Circulating IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 Ratio: A Multifluid Metabolomics Study.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
In Reply
Plasma Fibroblast Growth Factor 23: Clinical Correlates and Association With Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality in the Framingham Heart Study.
Urinary metabolomics reveals glycemic and coffee associated signatures of thyroid function in two population-based cohorts.
Causal relationship between obesity and serum testosterone status in men: A bi-directional mendelian randomization analysis.
Associations of androgens with depressive symptoms and cognitive status in the general population.
Sex-specific metabolic profiles of androgens and its main binding protein SHBG in a middle aged population without diabetes.
Living alone and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system: Differential effects depending on alexithymic personality features.
Associations of aldosterone and renin concentrations with inflammation-the Study of Health in Pomerania and the German Conn's Registry.
The Association between Bone Quality and Atherosclerosis: Results from Two Large Population-Based Studies.
Comprehensive metabolic characterization of serum osteocalcin action in a large non-diabetic sample.
Sex Hormones and Hair Loss in Men From the General Population of Northeastern Germany.
Association of sex hormones with physical, laboratory, and imaging markers of anthropometry in men and women from the general population.
Genome-wide association study in 79,366 European-ancestry individuals informs the genetic architecture of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels.
Physiological Aldosterone Concentrations Are Associated with Alterations of Lipid Metabolism: Observations from the General Population
Identification of Comprehensive Metabotypes Associated with Cardiometabolic Diseases in the Population-Based KORA Study.
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.
Evaluation of the Metabotype Concept Identified in an Irish Population in the German KORA Cohort Study.
Screening for New Markers to Assess Thyroid Hormone Action by OMICs Analysis of Human Samples.
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Serum Glycine Levels Are Associated With Cortical Bone Properties and Fracture Risk in Men.