Mensel B	1275
Quantitative chemical shift-encoded MRI is an accurate method to quantify hepatic steatosis.
Secretin-Stimulated MRCP in Volunteers: Assessment of Safety, Duct Visualization, and Pancreatic Exocrine Function.
MRI-based Determination of Reference Values of Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population.
Feasibility of gadoxetate disodium-enhanced MR cholangiography in chronic cholestatic biliary disease.
Endovascular repair of arterial iliac vessel wall lesions with a self-expandable nitinol stent graft system.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population
Predictors of technical success and rate of complications of image-guided percutaneous transthoracic lung needle biopsy of pulmonary tumors.
Thoracic and abdominal aortic diameters in a general population: MRI-based reference values and association with age and cardiovascular risk factors.
Fully automatized renal parenchyma volumetry using a support vector machine based recognition system for subject-specific probability map generation in native MR volume data
Accuracy of simple approaches to assessing liver volume in radiological imaging
High levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone are associated with aortic wall thickness in the general population.
Iloprost, prostaglandin E1, and papaverine relax human mesenteric arteries with similar potency.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Hydrocephalus in Adults.
Pulmonary emphysema is a predictor of pneumothorax after CT-guided transthoracic pulmonary biopsies of pulmonary nodules.
Reference values of vessel diameters, stenosis prevalence, and arterial variations of the lower limb arteries in a male population sample using contrast-enhanced MR angiography.
Prevalence of renal cysts and association with risk factors in a general population: an MRI-based study.
Solide pseudopapillare Neoplasie des Pankreas beim Mann mit Ikterus - eine seltene Differentialdiagnose zystischer Pankreaslasionen.
Asymptomatische arteriovenose Malformation des Pankreas (pAVM).
Software-based noise reduction in cranial magnetic resonance imaging: Influence on image quality.
Prevalence and risk factors of perirenal hyperintensities on T2-weighted MR imaging.