Angermaier, Anselm	1313
Prolonged aphasia and perfusion CT abnormalities in migraine with aura
Comparing perfusion CT evaluation algorithms for predicting outcome after endovascular treatment in anterior circulation ischaemic stroke.
Diffusion tensor imaging abnormalities in photosensitive juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
Thrombus density measurement is promising but technical standards are needed
Influence of Recanalization and Time of Cerebral Ischemia on Tissue Outcome after Endovascular Stroke Treatment on Computed Tomography Perfusion.
Recanalization and reperfusion in acute stroke - more often different than alike.
Recanalization and reperfusion in acute stroke - more often different than alike.
Interrater agreement in three perfusion-CT evaluation methods before endovascular therapy for acute ischaemic stroke
Management of Intracranial Incidental Findings on Brain MRI.
Intravenous thrombolysis and passes of thrombectomy as predictors for endovascular revascularisation in ischemic stroke.
Thrombectomy in low NIHSS stroke – a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge.
Stroke Mimics
The so-called “ bovine aortic arch ” : a possible biomarker for embolic strokes?
Translation and validation of an extended German version of ID Migraine™ as a migraine screening tool
Acute neurological care in north-east Germany with telemedicine support (ANNOTeM): protocol of a multi-center, controlled, open-label, two-arm intervention study
Stroke admissions, stroke severity, and treatment rates in urban and rural areas during the COVID-19 pandemic
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on stroke teleconsultations in Germany in the first half of 2020
Treatment Realities of Headache Disorders in Rural Germany by the Example of the Region of Western Pomerania
Treatment with calcitonin gene-related peptide antibodies modifies brainstem excitability and habituation to nociceptive trigeminal stimulation in migraineurs
Preventive treatment with CGRP monoclonal antibodies restores brain stem habituation deficits and excitability to painful stimuli in migraine: results from a prospective case-control study
A Managed Care System with Telemedicine Support for Neurological Emergencies.
Time-to-care metrics in patients with interhospital transfer for mechanical thrombectomy in north-east Germany: Primary telestroke centers in rural areas vs. primary stroke centers in a metropolitan area.