Abel, Peter	132
Improvement of enteral nutrition in intensive care unit patients by a nurse-driven feeding protocol
Discrepant post filter ionized calcium concentrations by common blood gas analyzers in CRRT using regional citrate anticoagulation.
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of intensive care - and hospital length of stay for severe sepsis and septic shock patients by a continuois quality improvement program over 7.5 years
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
CytoSorb, a novel therapeutic approach for patients with septic shock: a case report.
High-frequency oscillation ventilation for hypercapnic failure of conventional ventilation in pulmonary acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Pansinusitis offenbart sich als invasive Mukormykose - Fallbericht und Diskussion
Abdominal infections in the intensive care unit: characteristics, treatment and determinants of outcome.
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
Impella Support for Acute Myocardial Infarction complicated by Cardiogenic Shock: A Matched-Pair IABP-SHOCK II Trial 30-Day Mortality Analysis.
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
Real-world clinical experience with the percutaneous extracorporeal life support system: Results from the German Lifebridge Registry.
Extracorporeal life support system during cardiovascular procedures: Insights from the German Lifebridge registry.
Extracorporeal life support in patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock - Design and rationale of the ECLS-SHOCK trial.
Efficacy and safety of ECG-synchronized pulsatile extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in the clinical setting: The SynCor Trial.
Impella versus extracorporal life support in cardiogenic shock: a propensity score adjusted analysis.