Gesell Salazar, Manuela	1324
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Comparative evaluation of peptide desalting methods for salivary proteome analysis.
Altered immune proteome of Staphylococcus aureus under iron-restricted growth conditions.
Differences in the whole saliva baseline proteome profile associatedwith development of oral mucositis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy
Alternative fluorescent labeling strategies for characterizing gram-positive pathogenic bacteria: Flow cytometry supported counting, sorting, and proteome analysis of Staphylococcus aureus retrieved from infected host cells.
Proteome data of whole saliva which are associated with development of oral mucositis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy.
Adaptive immune response to lipoproteins of Staphylococcus aureus in healthy subjects.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
Plasma protein profiling of patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas as potential precursor lesions of pancreatic cancer.
Comparative analysis of Salivette® and paraffin gum preparations for establishment of a metaproteomics analysis pipeline for stimulated human saliva.
Inhibition of Rho Activity Increases Expression of SaeRS-Dependent Virulence Factor Genes in Staphylococcus aureus, Showing a Link between Transcription Termination, Antibiotic Action, and Virulence.
Metabolic niche adaptation of community- and hospital-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Global secretome analysis of resident cardiac progenitor cells from wild type and transgenic heart failure mice: why ambience matters
Metabolic Cross-talk Between Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Internalized  as a Driver for Infection.
Defensive Function of Transposable Elements in Bacteria.
Metaproteomics analysis of microbial diversity of human saliva and tongue dorsum in young healthy individuals.
Single-Cell and Time-Resolved Profiling of Intracellular Salmonella Metabolism in Primary Human Cells.
Proteomic and Transcriptomic Changes in Hibernating Grizzly Bears Reveal Metabolic and Signaling Pathways that Protect against Muscle Atrophy.
Association of proteome and metabolome signatures with severity in patients with community-acquired pneumonia.
A MicroRNA Network Controls  Replication in Human Macrophages via LGALS8 and MX1.
Adenosine Triphosphate Neutralizes Pneumolysin-induced Neutrophil Activation.
Chromosome-free bacterial cells are safe and programmable platforms for synthetic biology.
Interaction of  and Host Cells upon Infection of Bronchial Epithelium during Different Stages of Regeneration.
Bottom-Up Community Proteome Analysis of Saliva Samples and Tongue Swabs by Data-Dependent Acquisition Nano LC-MS/MS Mass Spectrometry.
Extracellular Vesicle Separation Techniques Impact Results from Human Blood Samples: Considerations for Diagnostic Applications
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
Comparative proteome analysis of the tegument of male and female adult Schistosoma mansoni.
ACTN2 Mutant Causes Proteopathy in Human iPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Impact of different oral treatments on the composition of the supragingival plaque microbiome.
Quantitative proteomic analysis of cerebrospinal fluid from patients with idiopathic facial nerve palsy.