Teumer, Alexander	1339
A genome-wide association study identifies 6p21 as novel risk locus for dilated cardiomyopathy.
A robust method for genome-wide association meta-analysis with the application to circulating insulin-like growth factor I concentrations.
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Mitochondrial DNA variants in obesity.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Measurement and genetics of human subcortical and hippocampal asymmetries in large datasets.
Measurement and genetics of human subcortical and hippocampal asymmetries in large datasets.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies six new loci associated with forced vital capacity.
Large-scale genome-wide association studies and meta-analyses of longitudinal change in adult lung function.
Novel approach identifies SNPs in SLC2A10 and KCNK9 with evidence for parent-of-origin effect on body mass index.
Asymmetry within and around the human planum temporale is sexually dimorphic and influenced by genes involved in steroid hormone receptor activity.
Asymmetry within and around the human planum temporale is sexually dimorphic and influenced by genes involved in steroid hormone receptor activity.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Genetic diversity is a predictor of mortality in humans.
Genetic diversity is a predictor of mortality in humans.
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies six novel loci associated with habitual coffee consumption.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies six novel loci associated with habitual coffee consumption.
A genome-wide search for quantitative trait loci affecting the cortical surface area and thickness of Heschl's gyrus.
Impact of priming on the response of neutrophils to human neutrophil alloantigen-3a antibodies.
Impact of priming on the response of neutrophils to human neutrophil alloantigen-3a antibodies.
A genome-wide association study of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia using an electronic medical record.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Genome-wide association study of kidney function decline in individuals of European descent.
Genome-wide association study of kidney function decline in individuals of European descent.
Replicability and robustness of genome-wide-association studies for behavioral traits.
A common atopy-associated variant in the Th2 cytokine locus control region impacts transcriptional regulation and alters SMAD3 and SP1 binding
A common atopy-associated variant in the Th2 cytokine locus control region impacts transcriptional regulation and alters SMAD3 and SP1 binding
Genome-wide association and functional studies identify a role for IGFBP3 in hip osteoarthritis.
Genome-wide association and functional studies identify a role for IGFBP3 in hip osteoarthritis.
Is there a male-specific effect on hypertension?
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Multi-Ethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Cerebral White Matter Hyperintensities on MRI
A Genetic Risk Score for Thyroid Peroxidase Antibodies Associates with Clinical Thyroid Disease in Community-Based Populations.
A Genetic Risk Score for Thyroid Peroxidase Antibodies Associates with Clinical Thyroid Disease in Community-Based Populations.
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
No Association Between Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia and Brain Volume in the General Population.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Rare and low-frequency variants and their association with plasma levels of fibrinogen, FVII, FVIII, and vWF.
Rare and low-frequency variants and their association with plasma levels of fibrinogen, FVII, FVIII, and vWF.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Measuring Biological Age via Metabonomics – the Metabolic Age-Score
Directional dominance on stature and cognition in diverse human populations.
The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche
Sixteen new lung function signals identified through 1000 Genomes Project reference panel imputation.
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies for Extraversion: Findings from the Genetics of Personality Consortium.
Copy number variations and cognitive phenotypes in unselected populations.
Using genetics to test the causal relationship of total adiposity and periodontitis: Mendelian randomization analyses in the Gene-Lifestyle Interactions and Dental Endpoints (GLIDE) Consortium.
A meta-analysis of 120 246 individuals identifies 18 new loci for fibrinogen concentration.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Genome-wide studies of verbal declarative memory in nondemented older people: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology consortium.
GWAS for executive function and processing speed suggests involvement of the CADM2 gene.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of anxiety disorders
Corrigendum: Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche.
Exome Genotyping Identifies Pleiotropic Variants Associated with Red Blood Cell Traits.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Genome-wide Association for Major Depression Through Age at Onset Stratification: Major Depressive Disorder Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Four Susceptibility Loci for Gallstone Disease Identified in a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
A Whole-Blood Transcriptome Meta-Analysis Identifies Gene Expression Signatures of Cigarette Smoking.
A reference panel of 64,976 haplotypes for genotype imputation.
Correction: The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
The genetics of blood pressure regulation and its target organs from association studies in 342,415 individuals.
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
The inverse link between genetic risk for schizophrenia and migraine through NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor activation via D-serine.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Multiethnic Exome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis.
PCSK9 genetic variants and risk of type 2 diabetes: a mendelian randomisation study.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
A principal component meta-analysis on multiple anthropometric traits identifies novel loci for body shape
A principal component meta-analysis on multiple anthropometric traits identifies novel loci for body shape
Cystatin C and Cardiovascular Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Association of PNPLA3 rs738409 and TM6SF2 rs58542926 with health services utilization in a population-based study
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies
An Analysis of Two Genome-wide Association Meta-analyses Identifies a New Locus for Broad Depression Phenotype.
KLB is associated with alcohol drinking, and its gene product ?-Klotho is necessary for FGF21 regulation of alcohol preference.
Comparison of HapMap and 1000 Genomes Reference Panels in a Large-Scale Genome-Wide Association Study.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants alter human adult height.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Genetic effects influencing risk for major depressive disorder in China and Europe.
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Fifteen Genetic Loci Associated with the Electrocardiographic P-wave
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
A genome-wide association study identifies nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk.
Genome-wide association study of 1,5-anhydroglucitol identifies novel genetic loci linked to glucose metabolism.
Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
NFAT5 and SLC4A10 Loci Associate with Plasma Osmolality.
Correction: Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Novel Blood Pressure Locus and Gene Discovery Using Genome-Wide Association Study and Expression Data Sets From Blood and the Kidney.
Multi-ethnic Meta-analysis Identifies RAI1 as a Possible Obstructive Sleep Apnea Related Quantitative Trait Locus in Men.
Genetic Interactions with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, and Hypertension in Relation to Atrial Fibrillation: The AFGen Consortium.
Two Statistical Criteria to Choose the Method for Dilution Correction in Metabolomic Urine Measurements.
Genetic Association of Major Depression With Atypical Features and Obesity-Related Immunometabolic Dysregulations.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction in depression: A systematic evaluation of candidate genes: The childhood trauma working-group of PGC-MDD.
Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Investigation of Naturally Occurring Single-Nucleotide Variants in Human TAAR1.
Erratum: Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Study of Depressive Symptoms with Type 2 Diabetes and Quantitative Glycemic Traits.
Publisher Correction: Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 44 risk variants and refine the genetic architecture of major depression.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Circulating metabolites and general cognitive ability and dementia: Evidence from 11 cohort studies.
Exome Chip Analysis Identifies Low-Frequency and Rare Variants in  for White Matter Hyperintensities on Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
A genome-wide association study identifes nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis
PR interval genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies 50 loci associated with atrial and atrioventricular electrical activity.
An InDel in Phospholipase-C-B-1 Is Linked with Euthyroid Multinodular Goiter.
Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Meta-analysis of exome array data identifies six novel genetic loci for lung function.
Negative effect of vitamin D on kidney function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Genome-wide association study of 23,500 individuals identifies 7 loci associated with brain ventricular volume.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
Genome Analyses of >200,000 Individuals Identify 58 Loci for Chronic Inflammation and Highlight Pathways that Link Inflammation and Complex Disorders.
GWAS and colocalization analyses implicate carotid intima-media thickness and carotid plaque loci in cardiovascular outcomes.
Association of maternal prenatal smoking GFI1-locus and cardio-metabolic phenotypes in 18,212 adults.
Publisher Correction: Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Common Genetic Variation in Relation to Brachial Vascular Dimensions and Flow-Mediated Vasodilation
Neandertal Introgression Sheds Light on Modern Human Endocranial Globularity
Associations of Mitochondrial and Nuclear Mitochondrial Variants and Genes with Seven Metabolic Traits.
Genome-wide association reveals contribution of MRAS to painful temporomandibular disorder in males
Large-scale whole-exome sequencing association studies identify rare functional variants influencing serum urate levels.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of coronary artery disease and periodontitis reveals a novel shared risk locus.
Reassessing the Association between Circulating Vitamin D and IGFBP-3: Observational and Mendelian Randomization Estimates from Independent Sources.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of aggressive and chronic periodontitis identifies two novel risk loci.
Common Methods for Performing Mendelian Randomization.
Genetic Determinants of Circulating Estrogen Levels and Evidence of a Causal Effect of Estradiol on Bone Density in Men.
Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Genomics of 1 million parent lifespans implicates novel pathways and common diseases and distinguishes survival chances.
Protein-coding variants implicate novel genes related to lipid homeostasis contributing to body-fat distribution.
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
Evaluation of a rare glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor variant in a patient with diabetes.
Genetic and lifestyle risk factors for MRI-defined brain infarcts in a population-based setting
Dose response of the 16p11.2 distal copy number variant on intracranial volume and basal ganglia
A catalog of genetic loci associated with kidney function from analyses of a million individuals.
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
New alcohol-related genes suggest shared genetic mechanisms with neuropsychiatric disorders.
Genome-wide analysis of dental caries and periodontitis combining clinical and self-reported data.
Lipidomics, Atrial Conduction, and Body Mass Index.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
Full exploitation of high dimensionality in brain imaging: The JPND working group statement and findings.
Validated inference of smoking habits from blood with a finite DNA methylation marker set.
The importance of high-quality mendelian randomisation studies for clinical thyroidology.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Pathway-Specific Genetic Risk for Alzheimer's Disease Differentiates Regional Patterns of Cortical Atrophy in Older Adults.
KCND3 potassium channel gene variant confers susceptibility to electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Phenome-wide association analysis of LDL-cholesterol lowering genetic variants in PCSK9.
Association of Copy Number Variation of the 15q11.2 BP1-BP2 Region With Cortical and Subcortical Morphology and Cognition.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation analysis provide insights into the pathogenesis of heart failure.
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
ENIGMA and global neuroscience: A decade of large-scale studies of the brain in health and disease across more than 40 countries.
Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel blood pressure loci.
Physical activity does not lower the risk of lung cancer
Physical activity and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study
Genetic Determinants of Electrocardiographic P-wave Duration and Relation to Atrial Fibrillation.
Genetic Studies of Leptin Concentrations Implicate Leptin in the Regulation of Early Adiposity.
Genetic correlations and genome-wide associations of cortical structure in general population samples of 22,824 adults.
Physical activity and Parkinson's disease: a two-sample Mendelian randomisation study
Meta-analysis uncovers genome-wide significant variants for rapid kidney function decline.
Functional polymorphisms of the mineralocorticoid receptor gene NR3C2 are associated with diminished memory decline: Results from a longitudinal general-population study.
Epigenetic Link Between Statin Therapy and Type 2 Diabetes.
Cerebral small vessel disease genomics and its implications across the lifespan.
The genetics of circulating BDNF: towards understanding the role of BDNF in brain structure and function in middle and old ages.
Corrigendum: Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Effects of thyroid status on regional brain volumes: a diagnostic and genetic imaging study in UK Biobank.
Mendelian randomization provides evidence for a causal effect of higher serum IGF-1 concentration on risk of hip and knee osteoarthritis.
The Genetic Makeup of the Electrocardiogram.
GWAS of thyroid stimulating hormone highlights pleiotropic effects and inverse association with thyroid cancer.
Integration of GWAS Summary Statistics and Gene Expression Reveals Target Cell Types Underlying Kidney Function Traits.
Variation in Normal Range Thyroid Function Affects Serum Cholesterol Levels, Blood Pressure, and Type 2 Diabetes Risk: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Liver Phenotypes of European Adults Heterozygous or Homozygous for Pi?Z Variant of AAT (Pi?MZ vs Pi?ZZ genotype) and Noncarriers.
A bidirectional Mendelian randomization study supports causal effects of kidney function on blood pressure.
Thyroid Function Affects the Risk of Stroke via Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
The Genetic Basis of Thyroid Function: Novel Findings and New Approaches
White Blood Cells and Blood Pressure: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Circulating Interleukin 6 Levels Identifies Novel Loci.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of muscle weakness identifies 15 susceptibility loci in older men and women.
1q21.1 distal copy number variants are associated with cerebral and cognitive alterations in humans.
Genetic factors influencing a neurobiological substrate for psychiatric disorders.
Physical activity, sedentary behavior and risk of coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Sex effects for the interaction of dopamine related genetic variants for COMT and BDNF on declarative memory performance
Associations and interactions of the serotonin receptor genes 5-HT1A, 5-HT2A, and childhood trauma with alexithymia in two independent general-population samples.
Sex-Dependent Shared and Nonshared Genetic Architecture Across Mood and Psychotic Disorders.
The genomics of heart failure: design and rationale of the HERMES consortium.
Large-scale cis- and trans-eQTL analyses identify thousands of genetic loci and polygenic scores that regulate blood gene expression.
Differentially expressed genes reflect disease-induced rather than disease-causing changes in the transcriptome.
Investigation of the interplay between circulating lipids and IGF-I and relevance to breast cancer risk: an observational and Mendelian randomization study.
Meta-analysis of epigenome-wide association studies of carotid intima-media thickness.
Thyroid function, sex hormones and sexual function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Thyroid Function and Mood Disorders: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Effects of Thyroid Function on Hemostasis, Coagulation, and Fibrinolysis: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Assessment of significance of conditionally independent GWAS signals.
Validating biomarkers and models for epigenetic inference of alcohol consumption from blood.
Plasma Proteomics of Renal Function: A Trans-ethnic Meta-analysis and Mendelian Randomization Study.
A deeper understanding of the causal relationships between thyroid function and atrial fibrillation.
Genetic insights into biological mechanisms governing human ovarian ageing.
Genome-wide interaction study with major depression identifies novel variants associated with cognitive function.
Epigenome-wide association study of serum urate reveals insights into urate co-regulation and the SLC2A9 locus.
Meta-analyses identify DNA methylation associated with kidney function and damage.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Thyroid Function and the Risk of Alzheimer's Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Obesity and Kidney Function: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study.
Mapping the human genetic architecture of COVID-19.
Association of Telomere Length With Risk of Disease and Mortality
Gene-mapping study of extremes of cerebral small vessel disease reveals TRIM47 as a strong candidate.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Genetic variants associated with longitudinal changes in brain structure across the lifespan.
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
Differential and shared genetic effects on kidney function between diabetic and non-diabetic individuals.
Genetic loci and prioritization of genes for kidney function decline derived from a meta-analysis of 62 longitudinal genome-wide association studies.
DNA methylation signature of chronic low-grade inflammation and its role in cardio-respiratory diseases.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor, Inflammation, and MRI Markers of Alzheimer's Disease in Predominantly Middle-Aged Adults.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
Genome-wide associations of aortic distensibility suggest causality for aortic aneurysms and brain white matter hyperintensities.
Limited evidence for blood eQTLs in human sexual dimorphism.
Genome-wide meta-analyses reveal novel loci for verbal short-term memory and learning.
Genome-wide association analyses of physical activity and sedentary behavior provide insights into underlying mechanisms and roles in disease prevention.
A saturated map of common genetic variants associated with human height.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
Epigenetic and integrative cross-omics analyses of cerebral white matter hyperintensities on MRI
Virtual ontogeny of cortical growth preceding mental illness
Association of Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Pi*Z Allele Frequency and Progressive Liver Fibrosis in Two Chronic Hepatitis C Cohorts.
Discovery of novel eGFR-associated multiple independent signals using a quasi-adaptive method.
Whole Exome Sequencing Enhanced Imputation Identifies 85 Metabolite Associations in the Alpine CHRIS Cohort.
The Effects of Common Genetic Variation in 96 Genes Involved in Thyroid Hormone Regulation on TSH and FT4 Concentrations.
Thyroid function, pernicious anemia and erythropoiesis: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease
DNA methylation analysis identifies novel genetic loci associated with circulating fibrinogen levels in blood.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Epigenome-Wide Association Study Reveals CpG Sites Associated with Thyroid Function and Regulatory Effects on KLF9
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease.
Distinct genetic liability profiles define clinically relevant patient strata across common diseases.
Novel (sulfated) thyroid hormone transporters in the solute carrier 22 family.