Homuth, Georg	1351
A genome-wide association study identifies 6p21 as novel risk locus for dilated cardiomyopathy.
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with autoimmune hepatitis type 1.
Genetic, psychosocial and clinical factors associated with hippocampal volume in the general population.
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Novel approach identifies SNPs in SLC2A10 and KCNK9 with evidence for parent-of-origin effect on body mass index.
Interaction among childhood trauma and functional polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway moderate the risk of depressive disorders.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Quality control and conduct of genome-wide association meta-analyses.
Genetic diversity is a predictor of mortality in humans.
A genome-wide search for quantitative trait loci affecting the cortical surface area and thickness of Heschl's gyrus.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Genetic influences on the acquisition and inhibition of fear
Analysis of human TAAR8 and murine Taar8b mediated signaling pathways and expression profile.
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Atrial fibrillation and rapid acute pacing regulate adipocyte/adipositas-related gene Expression in the atria
A Genetic Risk Score for Thyroid Peroxidase Antibodies Associates with Clinical Thyroid Disease in Community-Based Populations.
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
No Association Between Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia and Brain Volume in the General Population.
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Association of a neurokinin 3 receptor polymorphism with the anterior basal forebrain.
Cell Specific eQTL Analysis without Sorting Cells.
Stepwise optimization of a low-temperature Bacillus subtilis expression system for "difficult to express" proteins
Multi-omic signature of body weight change: results from a population-based cohort study
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Associations of circulating plasma microRNAs with age, body mass index and sex in a population-based study.
Effect of Experimental Thyrotoxicosis onto Blood Coagulation: A Proteomics Study
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
Urine Metabolomics by (1)H-NMR Spectroscopy Indicates Associations between Serum 3,5-T2 Concentrations and Intermediary Metabolism in Euthyroid Humans.
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Distinct urinary metabolic profiles associated with serum TSH and FT4 concentrations
Accumulated common variants in the broader fragile X gene family modulate autistic phenotypes
Directional dominance on stature and cognition in diverse human populations.
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies for Extraversion: Findings from the Genetics of Personality Consortium.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Is the adiposity-associated FTO gene variant related to all-cause mortality independent of adiposity? Meta-analysis of data from 169,551 Caucasian adults.
Differences in Mouse Hepatic Thyroid Hormone Transporter Expression with Age and Hyperthyroidism.
Meta-analysis identifies seven susceptibility loci involved in the atopic march.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of 21,000 cases and 95,000 controls identifies new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of anxiety disorders
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
Relationship between APOE genotype and structural MRI measures throughout adulthood in the SHIP population-based cohort
Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases.
Genome-wide association study of copy number variation with lung function identifies a novel signal of association near BANP for forced vital capacity.
Chromosomal contacts connect loci associated with autism, BMI and head circumference phenotypes.
Genome-wide Association for Major Depression Through Age at Onset Stratification: Major Depressive Disorder Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci implicated in epigenetic regulation.
3,5-T2 alters murine genes relevant for xenobiotic, steroid, and thyroid hormone metabolism.
Genetic influences on schizophrenia and subcortical brain volumes: large-scale proof of concept.
A Whole-Blood Transcriptome Meta-Analysis Identifies Gene Expression Signatures of Cigarette Smoking.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
The inverse link between genetic risk for schizophrenia and migraine through NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor activation via D-serine.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Genome-wide association study of caffeine metabolites provides new insights to caffeine metabolism and dietary caffeine-consumption behavior.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
Genome-wide analysis identifies 12 loci influencing human reproductive behavior.
A principal component meta-analysis on multiple anthropometric traits identifies novel loci for body shape
Association of PNPLA3 rs738409 and TM6SF2 rs58542926 with health services utilization in a population-based study
Blood RNA expression profiles undergo major changes during the seventh decade.
An Analysis of Two Genome-wide Association Meta-analyses Identifies a New Locus for Broad Depression Phenotype.
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
(Pro)renin receptor (ATP6AP2) depletion arrests As4.1 cells in the G0/G1 phase thereby increasing formation of primary cilia.
Genetic effects influencing risk for major depressive disorder in China and Europe.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
Abdominal fat deposits determined by magnetic resonance imaging in relation to leptin and vaspin levels as well as insulin resistance in the general adult population.
Genome-wide association and targeted analysis of copy number variants with psoriatic arthritis in German patients.
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Exome-wide association study reveals novel psoriasis susceptibility locus at TNFSF15 and rare protective alleles in genes contributing to type I IFN signalling.
Genome-wide association study identifies the SERPINB gene cluster as a susceptibility locus for food allergy.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Cathepsin B-mediated Activation of Trypsinogen in Endocytosing Macrophages Increases Severity of Pancreatitis in Mice.
Genetic Association of Major Depression With Atypical Features and Obesity-Related Immunometabolic Dysregulations.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction in depression: A systematic evaluation of candidate genes: The childhood trauma working-group of PGC-MDD.
Helicobacter pylori colonization and obesity - a Mendelian randomization study.
Sexual dimorphism of AMBRA1-related autistic features in human and mouse.
Shared genetic origin of asthma, hay fever and eczema elucidates allergic disease biology.
The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409:G allele is associated with increased liver disease-associated mortality but reduced overall mortality in a population-based cohort.
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Microglia ablation alleviates myelin-associated catatonic signs in mice.
Investigation of Naturally Occurring Single-Nucleotide Variants in Human TAAR1.
Childhood Trauma and Functional Variants of 5-HTTLPR Are Independently Associated with Alexithymia in 5,283 Subjects from the General Population.
NLRP3 Inflammasome activation in macrophages regulates systemic Inflammation and severity during acute pancreatitis
Comprehensive Metabolic Profiling Reveals a Lipid-rich Fingerprint of Free Thyroxine Far Beyond Classical Parameters.
Interplay between COMT Val158Met, childhood adversities and sex in predicting panic pathology: Findings from a general population sample.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 44 risk variants and refine the genetic architecture of major depression.
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Common and Rare Coding Genetic Variation Underlying the Electrocardiographic PR Interval.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Intergration of "Omics" Techniques: Dronedarone Affects Cardiac Remodeling in the Infarction Border Zone.
A GWAS meta-analysis from 5 population-based cohorts implicates ion channel genes in the pathogenesis of irritable bowel syndrome.
Analysis of shared heritability in common disorders of the brain.
Meta-analysis of human genome-microbiome association studies: the MiBioGen consortium initiative.
Evaluation of food allergy candidate loci in the Genetics of Food Allergy Study.
Exome Chip Analysis Identifies Low-Frequency and Rare Variants in  for White Matter Hyperintensities on Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Hepatic steatosis associates with adverse molecular signatures in subjects without diabetes.
Interplay between RGS2 and childhood adversities in predicting anxiety and depressive disorders: Findings from a general population sample.
Negative effect of vitamin D on kidney function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Genome-wide association study of 23,500 individuals identifies 7 loci associated with brain ventricular volume.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Associations of Mitochondrial and Nuclear Mitochondrial Variants and Genes with Seven Metabolic Traits.
COMTVal158Met Genotype Affects Complex Emotion Recognition in Healthy Men and Women
Adaptive immune Response during acute pancreatitis is regulated by NLRP3 inflammasome activation via Interleukin 18
Non classical macrophage polarization regulates the immune response during acute pancreatitis
Assessment of the Relationship Between Genetic Determinants of Thyroid Function and Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Variants in ABCG8 and TRAF3 genes confer risk for gallstone disease in admixed Latinos with Mapuche Native American ancestry.
Evaluation of a rare glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor variant in a patient with diabetes.
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
Obese Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes Show Different Gut Microbial Functional Capacity and Composition.
New alcohol-related genes suggest shared genetic mechanisms with neuropsychiatric disorders.
Copy number variants in lipid metabolism genes are associated with gallstones disease in men.
A thyroid hormone-independent molecular fingerprint of 3,5-diiodothyronine suggests a strong relation with coffee metabolism in humans.
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
Protein-coding variants contribute to the risk of atopic dermatitis and skin-specific gene expression.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Macrophage-derived cytokines of the IL1 Family simultaneously regulate pro-and anti-Inflammation during severe acute pancreatitis
Interleukin 33 regulates Th2 T-cell Differentiation and macrophage polarization during acute pancreatitis
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
ENIGMA and global neuroscience: A decade of large-scale studies of the brain in health and disease across more than 40 countries.
CD5L constitutes a novel biomarker for integrated hepatic thyroid hormone action.
Endocrine, Metabolic and Pharmacological Effects of Thyronamines (TAM), Thyroacetic Acids (TA) and Thyroid Hormone Metabolites (THM) - Evidence from in vitro, Cellular, Experimental Animal and Human Studies.
Screening for New Markers to Assess Thyroid Hormone Action by OMICs Analysis of Human Samples.
miRNA Mechanisms Underlying the Association of Beta Blocker Use and Bone Mineral Density.
Genetic Studies of Leptin Concentrations Implicate Leptin in the Regulation of Early Adiposity.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Shared Genetics of Multiple System Atrophy and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Vitamin D moderates the interaction between 5-HTTLPR and childhood abuse in depressive disorders.
The Thyroid Hormone Transporter Mct8 Restricts Cathepsin-Mediated Thyroglobulin Processing in Male Mice through Thyroid Auto-Regulatory Mechanisms That Encompass Autophagy.
Exocrine Pancreatic Function Modulates Plasma Metabolites Through Changes in Gut Microbiota Composition.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Circulating Interleukin 6 Levels Identifies Novel Loci.
Comparative analysis of the effects of long term 3,5-T2 treatment on the murine hepatic proteome and transcriptome under conditions of normal diet and high fat diet.
1q21.1 distal copy number variants are associated with cerebral and cognitive alterations in humans.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Sex effects for the interaction of dopamine related genetic variants for COMT and BDNF on declarative memory performance
B cells acquire a unique and differential transcriptomic profile during pregnancy.
Rare and low-frequency exonic variants and gene-by-smoking interactions in pulmonary function.
Genome-wide interaction study with major depression identifies novel variants associated with cognitive function.
Associations of carotid intima media thickness with gene expression in whole blood and genetically predicted gene expression across 48 tissues.
Rare variant analysis in eczema identifies exonic variants in DUSP1, NOTCH4 and SLC9A4.
The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.
Body mass index but not genetic risk is longitudinally associated with altered structural brain parameters
Toll-like receptor 1 locus re-examined in a genome-wide association study update on anti-Helicobacter pylori IgG titers
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Genetic variants associated with longitudinal changes in brain structure across the lifespan.
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
A multi-layer functional genomic analysis to understand noncoding genetic variation in lipids.
Lack of L-type amino acid transporter 2 in murine thyroid tissue induces autophagy.
DNA Polymerase Theta Plays a Critical Role in Pancreatic Cancer Development and Metastasis
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
Implicating genes, pleiotropy, and sexual dimorphism at blood lipid loci through multi-ancestry meta-analysis.
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association analyses improve resolution of genes and pathways influencing lung function and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk.
Author Correction: The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.
Distinct genetic liability profiles define clinically relevant patient strata across common diseases.
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.