Wei?, Stefan	1358
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
Gene-gene Interaction Analyses for Atrial Fibrillation.
Multiethnic Exome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis.
Discovery of novel heart rate-associated loci using the Exome Chip.
Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
New Blood Pressure-Associated Loci Identified in Meta-Analyses of 475?000 Individuals.
Common and Rare Coding Genetic Variation Underlying the Electrocardiographic PR Interval.
A Large-Scale Multi-ancestry Genome-wide Study Accounting for Smoking Behavior Identifies Multiple Significant Loci for Blood Pressure.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Novel genetic associations for blood pressure identified via gene-alcohol interaction in up to 570K individuals across multiple ancestries.
Novel genetic associations for blood pressure identified via gene-alcohol interaction in up to 570K individuals across multiple ancestries.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
Meta-analysis of exome array data identifies six novel genetic loci for lung function.
Associations of Mitochondrial and Nuclear Mitochondrial Variants and Genes with Seven Metabolic Traits.
Associations of Mitochondrial and Nuclear Mitochondrial Variants and Genes with Seven Metabolic Traits.
Meta-analysis of up to 622,409 individuals identifies 40 novel smoking behaviour associated genetic loci.
Meta-analysis of up to 622,409 individuals identifies 40 novel smoking behaviour associated genetic loci.
Assessment of the Relationship Between Genetic Determinants of Thyroid Function and Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study
Assessment of the Relationship Between Genetic Determinants of Thyroid Function and Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study
New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Long noncoding RNA NEAT1 modulates immune cell functions and is suppressed in early onset myocardial infarction patients.
Long noncoding RNA NEAT1 modulates immune cell functions and is suppressed in early onset myocardial infarction patients.
Effects of Calcium, Magnesium, and Potassium Concentrations on Ventricular Repolarization in Unselected Individuals.
Effects of Calcium, Magnesium, and Potassium Concentrations on Ventricular Repolarization in Unselected Individuals.
A multi-ancestry genome-wide study incorporating gene-smoking interactions identifies multiple new loci for pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure.
A multi-ancestry genome-wide study incorporating gene-smoking interactions identifies multiple new loci for pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure.
Author Correction: New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Author Correction: New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Ionizing Radiation alters the transition/transversion ratio in the exome of human gingiva fibroblasts
Ionizing Radiation alters the transition/transversion ratio in the exome of human gingiva fibroblasts
Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration.
Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration.
Genome-wide scan identifies novel genetic loci regulating salivary metabolite levels.
Multi-ancestry GWAS of the electrocardiographic PR interval identifies 202 loci underlying cardiac conduction.
Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel blood pressure loci.
Genome-Wide DNA Alterations in X-Irradiated Human Gingiva Fibroblasts
miRNA Mechanisms Underlying the Association of Beta Blocker Use and Bone Mineral Density.
miRNA Mechanisms Underlying the Association of Beta Blocker Use and Bone Mineral Density.
The Polygenic and Monogenic Basis of Blood Traits and Diseases.
The Membrane Transporter OAT7 (SLC22A9) Is Not a Susceptibility Factor for Osteoporosis in Europeans
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Genetic loci associated with prevalent and incident myocardial infarction and coronary heart disease in the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) Consortium.
Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
Genome-wide association analysis in dilated cardiomyopathy reveals two new players in systolic heart failure on chromosomes 3p25.1 and 22q11.23.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Variants associated with HHIP expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-sleep interactions identify novel loci for blood pressure.
The C-mannosylome of human induced pluripotent stem cells implies a role for ADAMTS16 C-mannosylation in eye development
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Multiethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.
Rare and low-frequency exonic variants and gene-by-smoking interactions in pulmonary function.
Associations of carotid intima media thickness with gene expression in whole blood and genetically predicted gene expression across 48 tissues.
Identification of Functional Genetic Determinants of Cardiac Troponin T and I in a Multiethnic Population and Causal Associations With Atrial Fibrillation
The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.
Multi-Ancestry Genome-wide Association Study Accounting for Gene-Psychosocial Factor Interactions Identifies Novel Loci for Blood Pressure Traits.
Toll-like receptor 1 locus re-examined in a genome-wide association study update on anti-Helicobacter pylori IgG titers
sPLINK: a hybrid federated tool as a robust alternative to meta-analysis in genome-wide association studies.
Gene-mapping study of extremes of cerebral small vessel disease reveals TRIM47 as a strong candidate.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Resting heart rate and incident atrial fibrillation: A stratified Mendelian randomization in the AFGen consortium.
Genetic and clinical determinants of abdominal aortic diameter: genome-wide association studies, exome array data and Mendelian randomization study.
A multi-layer functional genomic analysis to understand noncoding genetic variation in lipids.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
tRNA-like Transcripts from the  Genomic Region Critically Influence Human Innate Immunity and Macrophage Functions.
Implicating genes, pleiotropy, and sexual dimorphism at blood lipid loci through multi-ancestry meta-analysis.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association analyses improve resolution of genes and pathways influencing lung function and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk.
Author Correction: The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.