Endlich, Nicole	1382
Two-Photon Microscopy Reveals Stationary Podocytes in Living Zebrafish Larvae.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Mechanical stress enhances CD9 Expression in cultured podocytes.
Simultaneous assessment of glomerular Filtration and barrier funciton in live zebrafish.
Murine Double Minute-2 Prevents p53-Overactivation-Related Cell Death (Podoptosis) of Podocytes.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
Knockdown of ApoL1 in Zebrafish Larvae Affects the Glomerular Filtration Barrier and the Expression of Nephrin.
MDM2 prevents spontaneous tubular epithelial cell death and acute kidney injury.
A Novel Assay to Assess the Effect of Pharmaceutical Compounds on the Differentiation of Podocytes.
4D in vivo imaging of glomerular barrier function in a zebrafish podocyte injury model.
Urinary Angiotensinogen and Renin Excretion are Associated with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Structured illumination microscopy and automatized image processing as a rapid diagnostic tool for podocyte effacement.
Identification of miR-16 as an endogenous reference gene for the normalization of urinary exosomal miRNA expression data from CKD patients
The transcription factor Dach1 is essential for podocyte function
Studying the role of fascin-1 in mechanically stressed podocytes
BDNF: mRNA Expression in urine cells of patients with chronic kidney disease and its role in kidney function
Comparative Analysis of Podocyte Foot Process Morphology in Three Species by 3D Super-Resolution Microscopy.
The Role of Palladin in Podocytes
FocusHeuristics - expression-data-driven network optimization and disease gene prediction.
Acute podocyte injury is not a stimulus for podocytes to migrate along the glomerular basement membrane in zebrafish larvae.
A Heterologous Model of Thrombospondin Type 1 Domain-Containing 7A-Associated Membranous Nephropathy.
Stressed podocytes-mechanical forces, sensors, signaling and response.
Are podocytes motile?
ARP3 Controls the Podocyte Architecture at the Kidney Filtration Barrier.
Novel Microscopic Techniques for Podocyte Research.
Fibronectin is up-regulated in podocytes by mechanical stress.
Upregulation of Tumor Susceptibility Gene 101 (TSG101) by mechanical stress in podocytes.
Circulating factors cause proteinuria in parabiotic zebrafish.
MiR-21 is up-regulated in urinary exosomes of chronic kidney disease patients and after glomerular injury.
Adriamycin does not damage podocytes of zebrafish larvea
Prolonged podocyte depletion in larval zebrafish resembles mammalian focal and segemntal glomerulosclerosis
Cosmc-dependent mucin-type O-linked lgycosylation is essential for podocyte function
Studies on the Role of the Transcription Factor Tcf21 in the Transdifferentiation of Parietal Epithelial Cells into Podocyte-Like Cells.
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
The podocyte-specific knockout of palladin in mice with a 129 genetic background affects podocyte morphology and the expression of palladin interacting proteins
Super-resolved local recruitment of CLDN5 to Filtration slits implicates a direct relationship with podocyte foot process
The Actin-Binding Protein alpha-Adducin Modulates Desmosomal Turnover and Plasticity
Brain dysfunction in tubular and tubulointerstitial kidney diseases
SRGAP1 Controls Small Rho GTPases To Regulate Podocyte Foot Process Maintenance
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
Parietal epithelial cells maintain the epithelial cell continuum forming Bowman`s space in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis
High salt diet-induced proximal tubular phenotypic changes and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 Expression are coordinated by cold shock Y-box binding protein-1
New Diagnostics for podocytopathy? PEMP and more
The role of filamins in mechanically stressed podocytes.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
The ShGlomAssay Combines High-Throughput Drug Screening With Downstream Analyses and Reveals the Protective Role of Vitamin D3 and Calcipotriol on Podocytes
Potentially inappropriate medication in patients with chronic kidney disease and elderly patients.
Comorbid Depression and Diabetes Are Associated with Impaired Health-Related Quality of Life in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients.
ScoMorphoFISH: A deep learning enabled toolbox for single-cell single-mRNA quantification and correlative (ultra-)morphometry.
Nephroprotective Effects of Semaglutide as Mono- and Combination Treatment with Lisinopril in a Mouse Model of Hypertension-Accelerated Diabetic Kidney Disease.
Human pluripotent stem cell-derived kidney organoids for personalized congenital and idiopathic nephrotic syndrome modeling.
?-Parvin Defines a Specific Integrin Adhesome to Maintain the Glomerular Filtration Barrier.
Parietal epithelial cells maintain the epithelial cell continuum forming Bowman's space in focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.
The calcium-sensing receptor stabilizes podocyte function in proteinuric humans and mice.
Evaluation of endogenous miRNA reference genes across different zebrafish strains, developmental stages and kidney disease models
ScoMorphoFISH: A deep learning enabled toolbox for single-cell single-mRNA quantification and correlative (ultra-)morphometry
Morphological and behavioral analysis of Slc35f1-deficient mice revealed no neurodevelopmental phenotype