Hildebrandt, Petra	1391
Labeling of the pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus with gold or ferric oxide-core nanoparticles highlights new capabilities for investigation of host-pathogen interactions.
Activation of the alternative sigma factor SigB of Staphylococcus aureus following internalization by epithelial cells - an in vivo proteomics perspective.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
Alternative fluorescent labeling strategies for characterizing gram-positive pathogenic bacteria: Flow cytometry supported counting, sorting, and proteome analysis of Staphylococcus aureus retrieved from infected host cells.
Proteome data from a host-pathogen interaction study with Staphylococcus aureus and human lung epithelial cells.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
The N-terminal CCHC zinc finger motif mediates homodimerization of the transcription factor BCL11B.
Analysis of Staphylococcus aureus proteins secreted inside infected human epithelial cells.
Metabolic Cross-talk Between Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Internalized  as a Driver for Infection.
Improving Proteome Coverage for Small Sample Amounts: An Advanced Method for Proteomics Approaches with Low Bacterial Cell Numbers.
Analyses of competent and non-competent subpopulations of Bacillus subtilis reveal yhfW, yhxC and ncRNAs as novel players in competence.
S. aureus alpha-toxin monomer binding and heptamer formation in host cell membranes - Do they determine sensitivity of airway epithelial cells toward the toxin?
Interaction of  and Host Cells upon Infection of Bronchial Epithelium during Different Stages of Regeneration.
Bacterial symbiont subpopulations have different roles in a deep-sea symbiosis