Ribback, Silvia	1412
Activation of ?-catenin and Yap1 in human hepatoblastoma and induction of hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
Virtual slide telepathology with scanner systems for intraoperative frozen-section consultation.
SKP2 cooperates with N-Ras or AKT to induce liver tumor development in mice.
Inactivation of fatty acid synthase impairs hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT in mice and humans.
Hepatic expression of Sonic Hedgehog induces liver fibrosis and promotes hepatocarcinogenesis in a transgenic mouse model.
PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway plays a major pathogenetic role in glycogen accumulation and tumor development in renal distal tubules of rats and men.
Co-activation of PIK3CA and Yap promotes development of hepatocellular and cholangiocellular tumors in mouse and human liver.
Transgenic mouse model expressing P53(R172H), luciferase, EGFP, and KRAS(G12D) in a single open reading frame for live imaging of tumor.
Activated mutant forms of PIK3CA cooperate with RasV12 or c-Met to induce liver tumor formation in mice via AKT2/mTORC1 cascade.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
[Molecular and metabolic changes in human clear cell liver foci].
NADPH oxidase contributes to resistance against Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans-induced periodontitis in mice
Hautverfärbung am Oberlid – Prurigo nodularis / Discolouration of skin on upper lid – Prurigo nodularis
Jagged 1 is a major Notch ligand along cholangiocarcinoma development in mice and humans.
The Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Inhibitor Gefitinib Reduces but Does Not Prevent Tumorigenesis in Chemical and Hormonal Induced Hepatocarcinogenesis Rat Models.
Both de novo synthetized and exogenous fatty acids support the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Administration of Gemcitabine After Pancreatic Tumor Resection in Mice Induces an Antitumor Immune Response Mediated by Natural Killer Cells.
Differential requirement for de novo lipogenesis in cholangiocarcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma of mice and humans.
Co-activation of AKT and c-Met triggers rapid hepatocellular carcinoma development via the mTORC1/FASN pathway in mice.
Comparison of liver oncogenic potential among human RAS isoforms.
Structured illumination microscopy and automatized image processing as a rapid diagnostic tool for podocyte effacement.
Inhibition of HSF1 suppresses the growth of hepatocarcinoma cell lines in vitro and AKT-driven hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
Microvascular and lymphovascular tumour invasion are associated with poor prognosis and metastatic spread in renal cell carcinoma: a validation study in clinical practice.
Pan-mTOR inhibitor MLN0128 is effective against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma in mice.
A functional mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 signaling is indispensable for c-Myc-driven hepatocarcinogenesis.
Oncogene dependent requirement of fatty acid synthase in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Metastatische Kalzifikation der Lunge – Gutartiges pulmonales Krankheitsbild bei einem Patienten mit Niereninsuffizienz.
[Discolouration of Upper Lid Skin - Prurigo nodularis].
Perioperative, spatiotemporally coordinated activation of T and NK cells prevents recurrence of pancreatic cancer.
Deregulated c-Myc requires a functional HSF1 for experimental and human hepatocarcinogenesis.
Central role of mTORC1 downstream of YAP/TAZ in hepatoblastoma development.
Hepatocellular glycogenotic foci after combined intraportal pancreatic islet transplantation and knockout of the carbohydrate responsive element binding protein in diabetic mice.
Clear cell hepatocellular carcinoma: origin, metabolic traits and fate of glycogenotic clear and ground glass cells.
Loss of Pten synergizes with c-Met to promote hepatocellular carcinoma development via mTORC2 pathway.
Combined CDK4/6 and pan-mTOR inhibition is synergistic against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Oncogene-dependent addiction to carbohydrate-responsive element binding protein in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Hippo Cascade Controls Lineage Commitment of Liver Tumors in Mice and Humans.
Efficacy of MEK inhibition in a K-Ras-driven cholangiocarcinoma preclinical model.
Voriconazole as mono-therapy in orbitofrontal erosive aspergillosis without gross total resection: A case report and review of literature.
[Recognised Occupational Disease and Squamous Cell Carcinoma in Periocular Region].
Evaluation of the prognostic role of co-morbidities on disease outcome in renal cell carcinoma patients.
Loss of Fbxw7 synergizes with activated Akt signaling to promote c-Myc dependent cholangiocarcinogenesis.
The mTORC2-Akt1 Cascade Is Crucial for c-Myc to Promote Hepatocarcinogenesis in Mice and Humans.
Cholesterol biosynthesis supports the growth of hepatocarcinoma lesions depleted of fatty acid synthase in mice and humans.
TEA Domain Transcription Factor 4 Is the Major Mediator of Yes-Associated Protein Oncogenic Activity in Mouse and Human Hepatoblastoma.
The VENUSS prognostic model to predict disease recurrence following surgery for non-metastatic papillary renal cell carcinoma: development and evaluation using the ASSURE prospective clinical trial cohort.
SNAI1 Promotes the Cholangiocellular Phenotype, but not Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition, in a Murine Hepatocellular Carcinoma Model.
Functional role of SGK3 in PI3K/Pten driven liver tumor development.
Inhibiting Glutamine-Dependent mTORC1 Activation Ameliorates Liver Cancers Driven by ?-Catenin Mutations.
Inhibition of MELK Protooncogene as an Innovative Treatment for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
The cytosolic isoform of glutaredoxin 2 promotes cell migration and invasion
Focal pancreatic lesions in autoimmune pancreatitis and weight loss.
Crenigacestat, a selective NOTCH1 inhibitor, reduces intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma progression by blocking VEGFA/DLL4/MMP13 axis.
Transcriptomic and Proteomic Analysis of Clear Cell Foci (CCF) in the Human Non-Cirrhotic Liver Identifies Several Differentially Expressed Genes and Proteins with Functions in Cancer Cell Biology and Glycogen Metabolism.
Overexpression of Mothers Against Decapentaplegic Homolog 7 Activates the Yes-Associated Protein/NOTCH Cascade and Promotes Liver Carcinogenesis in Mice and Humans
[Preneoplastic glycogenotic lesions of the liver and kidney : Metabolic and molecular alterations in preneoplastic clear cell lesions of the liver and the kidney in experimental and human carcinogenesis].
Distinct and Overlapping Roles of Hippo Effectors YAP and TAZ During Human and Mouse Hepatocarcinogenesis.
Pivotal Role of Fatty Acid Synthase in c-MYC Driven Hepatocarcinogenesis.
Hormonally Induced Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Diabetic Wild Type and Carbohydrate Responsive Element Binding Protein Knockout Mice.
Tetraspanin 5 (TSPAN5), a Novel Gatekeeper of the Tumor Suppressor DLC1 and Myocardin-Related Transcription Factors (MRTFs), Controls HCC Growth and Senescence.
TAZ is indispensable for c-MYC-induced hepatocarcinogenesis.
Focal adhesion kinase (FAK) promotes cholangiocarcinoma development and progression via YAP activation.
Histone H3K27 demethylase KDM6A is an epigenetic gatekeeper of mTORC1 signalling in cancer.
p53 is functionally inhibited in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC): a mechanistic and correlative investigation into genetic and molecular characteristics.
YAP Accelerates Notch-Driven Cholangiocarcinogenesis via mTORC1 in Mice.
Prognostic Impact of Membranous/Nuclear Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Localization in Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Fascin1 empowers YAP mechanotransduction and promotes cholangiocarcinoma development.
Thioredoxin 1 (Trx1) is associated with poor prognosis in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC): an example for the crucial role of redox signaling in ccRCC.
Focal pancreatic lesions in autoimmune pancreatitis and weight loss.
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Corrigendum to 'TAZ is indispensable for c-MYC-induced hepatocarcinogenesis' [J Hepatol (2022) 123-134].
CD90 is regulated by notch1 and hallmarks a more aggressive intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma phenotype.
?-Catenin Sustains and Is Required for YES-associated Protein Oncogenic Activity in Cholangiocarcinoma.
ScoMorphoFISH: A deep learning enabled toolbox for single-cell single-mRNA quantification and correlative (ultra-)morphometry.
A novel molecular signature identifies mixed subtypes in renal cell carcinoma with poor prognosis and independent response to immunotherapy.
HELLS Is Negatively Regulated by Wild-Type P53 in Liver Cancer by a Mechanism Involving P21 and FOXM1.
The Hippo pathway effector TAZ induces intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma in mice and is ubiquitously activated in the human disease.
LPA receptor 1 (LPAR1) is a novel interaction partner of Filamin A that promotes Filamin A phosphorylation, MRTF-A transcriptional activity and oncogene-induced senescence.
ScoMorphoFISH: A deep learning enabled toolbox for single-cell single-mRNA quantification and correlative (ultra-)morphometry
Early Subcellular Hepatocellular Alterations in Mice Post Hydrodynamic Transfection: An Explorative Study.
Aberrant fucosylation sustains the NOTCH and EGFR/NF-?B pathways and has a prognostic value in human intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.