Hegenscheid, Katrin	1418
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Patient body weight-tailored contrast medium injection protocol for the craniocervical vessels: a prospective computed tomography study.
MRI-based Determination of Reference Values of Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population.
Whole-body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the German National Cohort: Rationale, Design and Technical Background
Measurement and genetics of human subcortical and hippocampal asymmetries in large datasets.
Multimodal imaging of a tescalcin (TESC)-regulating polymorphism (rs7294919)-specific effects on hippocampal gray matter structure.
Ductoscopic detection of intraductal lesions in cases of pathologic nipple discharge in comparison with standard diagnostics: the german multicenter study.
A level set based framework for quantitative evaluation of breast tissue density from MRI data.
A genome-wide search for quantitative trait loci affecting the cortical surface area and thickness of Heschl's gyrus.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
[Snake bite in a 53-year-old female tourist.]
Multi-Ethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Cerebral White Matter Hyperintensities on MRI
Pancreatic Steatosis Demonstrated at MR Imaging in the General Population: Clinical Relevance.
[Techniques for quantification of liver fat in risk stratification of diabetics].
No Association Between Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia and Brain Volume in the General Population.
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Subcortical brain alterations in major depressive disorder: findings from the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder working group.
Association of a neurokinin 3 receptor polymorphism with the anterior basal forebrain.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Chronic back pain is associated with decreased prefrontal and anterior insular gray matter. Results from a population-based cohort study.
3D Regression Heat Map Analysis of Population Study Data.
Impact of whole-body MRI in a general population study.
Interactive Visual Analysis of Image-Centric Cohort Study Data.
Automatic Pharynx Segmentation from MRI Data for Analysis of Sleep Related Disorders
Needle decompression of tension pneumothorax: Population-based epidemiologic approach to adequate needle length in healthy volunteers in Northeast Germany.
An efficient level set method for simultaneous intensity inhomogeneity correction and segmentation of MR images.
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
Childhood adversity impacts on brain subcortical structures relevant to depression.
Response to Dr Fried & Dr Kievit, and Dr Malhi et al.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Association between Serum Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Levels and Visceral Adipose Tissue: A Population-Based Study in Northeast Germany.
Reference values for the cervical spinal canal and the vertebral bodies by MRI in a general population
Effects of whole-body MRI on outpatient health service costs: a general-population prospective cohort study in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center