Lutze, Stine	1423
In Vitro Susceptibility of Multidrug Resistant Skin and Wound Pathogens Against Low Temperature Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Jet (APPJ) and Dielectric Barrier Discharge Plasma (DBD)
Skin and wound decontamination of multidrug-resistant bacteria by cold atmospheric plasma coagulation.
Repetitive Immunoadsorption Cycles for Treatment of Severe Atopic Dermatitis.
Haut- und Wunddekontamination bei multiresistenten bakteriellen Erregern durch Koagulation mit kaltem Atmosphärendruck-Plasma
Photodynamic therapy in dermatology: Actual indications and new alternative therapies
Wenn oberflächliche Freunde zu tief sitzenden Feinden werden - Mikrobielle Belastung von Haut und Wunden in Klinik und Praxis
Importance of modern treatment procedures for infected and colonized wounds in dermatology (Stellenwert moderner physikalischer Behandlungsverfahren bei infizierten und kolonisierten Wunden in der Dermatologie)
Microbial stress of skin and wounds in clinical aspects and practice (Mikrobielle Belastung von Haut und Wunden in Klinik und Praxis)
[Microbial stress of skin and wounds in clinical aspects and practice. Between search and destroy and monitor and relax].
Comparison of the effect of negative pressure wound therapy with and without installation of polyhexanide on the bacterial kinetic in chronic wounds
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstutzungswunsch ambulanter Hauttumorpatienten.
Compression in the treatment of chronic venous insufficiency: Efficacy depending on the length of the stocking.
Treatment of recalcitrant actinic keratosis (AK) of the scalp by cold atmospheric plasma
Livedovaskulopathie – eine Erkrankung seltener Blutgruppenmerkmale?
Stationäre Hauttumorpatienten - Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstützungswunsch.
Psychosocial distress and desire for support among inpatients with skin cancer.
Hyperspectral imaging: innovative diagnostics to visualize hemodynamic effects of cold plasma in wound therapy
Psychosocial distress and desire for support among skin cancer patients - impact of treatment setting
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstützungswunsch von Hauttumorpatienten - Einfluss des Behandlungs-Settings
Psychosocial stress of dermatology inpatients and their relatives – Comparison of patients with and without cancer
Schmuckvoll konfigurierte Blasen “am gesamten Integument bei erstdiagnostizierter Colitis ulcerosa.
Vasculitis allergica – ein nicht-IgE-vermitteltes Hypersensitivitätssyndrom
Analysis of pigmented skin lesions and malignant melanoma by Laser Doppler flowmetry–Report of different cases and further analysis by a neuronal network
Eine seltene kutane Manifestation eines systemischen B-Zell-Lymphoms unter dem klinischen Bild einer seltenen Infektionserkrankung
A rare case of a patient with PPP syndrome presenting pancreatic pseudocysts, panniculitis, and symptoms of polyarthritis. A radicular cyst of the upper jaw could be another manifestation of the syndrome.
Teledermatologie zur notfallmedizinischen Patientenversorgung
Long-term outcome of open surgery in CVI patients concerning postoperative complications, perioperative hemodynamics and clinical efficacy, Part II1
The course of Kaposi's sarcoma, a marker disease for the initial diagnosis of AIDS under ongoing cART.
Validierung der psychometrischen Eigenschaften einer „Modifizierten Version des Hornheider Screening-Instruments“ (HSI-MV) anhand einer Stichprobe ambulanter und stationärer Hauttumor-Patient*innen
Improvement of dynamic venous function after thermal ablation with steam vein occlusion–6-weeks and 1-year follow-up after 167 treatments.
Representing Sex and Gender Information in Biomedical Research.