Aghdassi, Ali-Aser Alexander	1438
Predictive factors for an incidence of readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis
Identifikation prädiktiver Faktoren für die Krankenhauswiederaufnahme bei Patienten mit akuter und chronischer Pankreatitis - eine monozentrische retrospektive Analyse
Predictive factors for Hospital readmission of patients with acute or chronic pancreatitis - a single center study
[Snake bite in a 53-year-old female tourist.]
Genetic susceptibility factors for alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis.
Predictive factors for and incidence of hospital readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis.
Liver injury and genetic polymorphisms in the cytochrome P450 and UDP-glucuronosyltransferase genes.
Genetic polymorphisms in the UDP-glucuronosyltransferase UGT1A7 gene in patients with acute liver failure after kava-kava consumption.
Cathepsin B mediated Protease activation increases acinar cell apoptosis
Does a Pancreatic Duct Aboce 3 mm Warrant Diagnostic Workup? Clues from a Population based cohort
Geriatric nutritional risk index correlates with length of hospital stay and inflammatory markers in older inpatients.
Evaluation of a non-invasive multisensor accelerometer for calculating energy expenditure in ventilated intensive care patients compared to indirect calorimetry and predictive equations.
Defining chronic pancreatitis with a focus on pathological stress responses.
Development of Pancreatic Cancer: Targets for Early Detection and Treatment.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review.
Early Parenteral Nutrition in Patients with Biliopancreatic Mass Lesions, a Prospective, Randomized Intervention Trial.
The lysosomal Protease Cathepsin C regulates leukocyte invasion and apoptosis in acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin C reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis durch Beeinflussung der Leukozyteninfiltration und Apoptose
Physical Activity, Energy Expenditure, Nutritional Habits, Quality of Sleep and Stress Levels in Shift-Working Health Care Personnel.
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
MEASUREMENT OF PANCREATIC SIZE IN A POPULATION-BASED COHORT: COMPARISON OF ULTRASOUND AND MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING
Analysis of lifestyle factors in patients with concomitant chronic pancreatitis and liver cirrhosis
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Cathepsin C Affects Severity of Acute Pancreatitis by Regulating Activation of Neutrophil Enzymes
Endoskopische Vollwandresektion mit dem FTRD im klinischen Alltag
Regionaler Vergleich von Ernährungsgewohnheiten der Normalbevölkerung in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
Definition of Age dependent reference values for Diameter of the common bile duct and ancreatic duct on MRCP from a Population based cohort study
Einfluss der Calpaine auf die lysosomale Permeabilisierung und Proteasenaktivierung in der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis
Cathepsin D reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten Pankreatitis über eine Aktivierung von Cathepsin D inflammatorischer Zellen
Endoscopic Management of complications of aöcute pancreatitis: An update on the field
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Comparability of Size Measurements of the Pancreas in Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Transabdominal Ultrasound.
Behavioral health risk factor profiles in general hospital patients: identifying the need for screening and brief intervention
Depletion of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduced activation of elastase in neutrophil granulocytes
Ernährung und Enzymsubstitution bei Pankreasinsuffizienz
Non-cardia early gastric cancer in central Vietnam: uncommon background mucosa and preliminary results of ESD Treatments after 5 years
Die lysosomale Protease Cathepsin C beeinflusst über Aktivierung von neutrophilen Serinproteasen die akute Pankreatitis
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
New horizons in pancreatic genetics
Multizentrische Querschnittstudie zum Verständnis der Fatigue-Symptomatik bei Patienten mit Leberzirrhose und chronischer Pankreatitis
Comparison of pancreatic size measurements in transabdominal ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging and its dependence on age, gender, and body mass index in apopulation-based cohort
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Efficiency of a 15-Week Weight-Loss Program, Including a Low-Calorie Formula Diet, on Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Overweight or Obesity.
Association between hepatic fat and subclinical vascular disease burden in the general population.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Störungen der Darmbarrierefunktion bei experimenteller Cholestase: molekulare Mechanismen und Einfluss von Ghrelin
Vergleich der ESPEN- und GLIM-Algorithmen zur Mangelernährungsdiagnostik bei Leberzirrhose, chronischer Pankreatitis und Kurzdarmsyndrom
Loss of muscle mass and strength in experimental chronic pancreatitis
Impact of systemic bile acids in acute pancreatitis depend on their hydrophobicity and may result from their interaction with CCK1 receptor
The way to infected necrosis during severe acute pancreatitis: How regulatory T-cells impact on the intestinal barrier function
Feasibility of a 3-month supportive ambulant nutrition therapy (SANT) in malnourished patients with liver cirrhosis and chronic pancreatitis
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
Investigating the Association Between the Co-Occurrence of Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Sick Days in General Hospital Patients
Erratum: Non-cardia early gastric cancer in Central Vietnam: noticeable uncommon background mucosa and results of endoscopic submucosal dissection.
Infection of (Peri-)Pancreatic Necrosis Is Associated with Increased Rates of Adverse Events during Endoscopic Drainage: A Retrospective Study.
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Malnutrition Is Highly Prevalent in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis and Characterized by Loss of Skeletal Muscle Mass but Absence of Impaired Physical Function.
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.
Analysis of ESPEN and GLIM algorithms reveals specific drivers for the diagnosis of malnutrition in patients with chronic gastrointestinal diseases.
Non-cardia early gastric cancer in Central Vietnam: noticeable uncommon background mucosa and results of endoscopic submucosa dissection.
Bile Acids: Key Players in Inflammatory Bowel Diseases?
Genetic Testing for Rare Diseases: A Systematic Review of Ethical Aspects.
Associations of age, sex, and socioeconomic status with adherence to guideline recommendations on protein intake and micronutrient supplementation in patients with sleeve gastrectomy or Roux-en-Y gastric bypass
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
Definition of age-dependent reference values for the diameter of the common bile duct and pancreatic duct on MRCP: a population-based, cross-sectional cohort study.