Beug, Daniel	1487
Immunoadsorption therapy in dilated cardiomyopathy
Immunoadsorption therapy in dilated cardiomyopathy
Non-thrombotic fatal pulmonary embolism with a ‘rule-out’ CT scan
Reanimation einer Schwangeren
MD-2 is a new predictive biomarker in dilated cardiomyopathy and exerts direct effects in isolated cardiomyocytes.
Effect of Vericiguat, a Soluble Guanylate Cyclase Stimulator, on Natriuretic Peptide Levels in Patients With Worsening Chronic Heart Failure and Reduced Ejection Fraction: The SOCRATES-REDUCED Randomized Trial.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
[From myxomas of the skin to LVAD implantation : A 28-year-old female patient with Carney complex].
Takayasu's arteritis: a case with relapse after urgent coronary revascularization.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
Global plasma protein profiling reveals DCM characteristic protein signatures.
Prediction of short- and long-term mortality in takotsubo syndrome: the InterTAK Prognostic Score.
Age-Related Variations in Takotsubo Syndrome.
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
Coexistence and outcome of coronary artery disease in Takotsubo syndrome.
[Update Myocarditis].
Ethnic comparison in takotsubo syndrome: novel insights from the International Takotsubo Registry.
Impact of Atrial Fibrillation on Outcome in Takotsubo Syndrome: Data From the International Takotsubo Registry.
Prognostic impact of acute pulmonary triggers in patients with takotsubo syndrome: new insights from the International Takotsubo Registry.