Ameling, Sabine	1502
Proteome analysis of heart biopsies using a TRIzol-based protein extraction.
Impact of priming on the response of neutrophils to human neutrophil alloantigen-3a antibodies.
Brain derived neurotrophic factor contributes to the cardiogenic potential of adult resident progenitor cells in failing murine heart
The other side of the RAAS - Aldosterone improves migration of cardiac progenitor cells
Protective effects of endothelin receptor A and B inhibitors against doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy.
Associations of circulating plasma microRNAs with age, body mass index and sex in a population-based study.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Biallelic CCM3 mutations cause a clonogenic survival advantage and endothelial cell stiffening
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
Global plasma protein profiling reveals DCM characteristic protein signatures.
Association of childhood traumatization and neuropsychiatric outcomes with altered plasma micro RNA-levels.
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
Association between different dimensions of childhood traumatization and plasma micro-RNA levels in a clinical psychiatric sample
Host-pathogen interactions of clinical S. aureus isolates to induce infective endocarditis
Plasma circulating micro-RNAs associated with alexithymia reflect a high overlap on neuropsychiatric outcomes.
Overexpression of Renin-B Induces Warburg-like Effects That Are Associated with Increased AKT/mTOR Signaling.
APOE ?4 in Depression-Associated Memory Impairment-Evidence from Genetic and MicroRNA Analyses.
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.
Deciphering the Effect of Different Genetic Variants on Hippocampal Subfield Volumes in the General Population.
Proteomic Analysis in Valvular Cardiomyopathy: Aortic Regurgitation vs. Aortic Stenosis
The interplay between micro RNAs and genetic liability to Alzheimer's Disease on memory trajectories in the general population.