Diedrich, Stephan	1565
[Modern treatment of an appendiceal mass.]
Surgical Trauma Leads to a Shorter Survival in a Murine Orthotopic Pancreatic Cancer Model.
Beeinflussung der Alkoholabstinenzkontrolle durch Händedesinfektion
Ethanol and ethyl glucuronide urine concentrations after ethanol-based hand antisepsis with and without permitted alcohol consumption.
TNF-related apoptosis-inducing Ligand deficiencynhances survival in murine colon ascendens stent peritonitis
Indikation und Operationsmethode beim Rezidiv eines primären Spontanpneumothorax
Subdiaphragmatic vagotomy promotes tumor growth and reduces survival via TNF? in a murine pancreatic cancer model.
Preoperative platelet transfusions to reverse antiplatelet therapy for urgent non-cardiac surgery: an observational cohort study
The MRI Sepsis Score: An Innovative Tool for the Evaluation of Septic Peritonitis in Mice Using 7-Tesla Small Animal MRI.
Cold Physical Plasma Selectively Elicits Apoptosis in Murine Pancreatic Cancer Cells  and .
Efficiency of Emulsified Particle-Associated Polyhexamethylenbiguanid-Hydrochlorid (Polihexanide) for Peritoneal Lavage in a Murine Sepsis Model
Infection control perception and behavior: A question of sex and gender? Results of the AHOI feasibility study
A myeloid and lymphoid infiltrate in murine pancreatic tumors exposed to plasma-treated medium.
Safety Clip: Notfallmanagement penetrierender Herzverletzungen ohne Kardiochirurgie
Influence of bio-sorb cream on sweat production and efficacy of surgical hand antisepsis under surgical gloves.
Active involvement of patients and relatives improves subjective adherence to hygienic measures, especially selfreported hand hygiene: Results of the AHOI pilot study.
Negative Pressure Wound Therapy vs Conventional Wound Treatment in Subcutaneous Abdominal Wound Healing Impairment: The SAWHI Randomized Clinical Trial.
Active Integration of Patients into Infection Control, as perceived by Health Care Professionals: Results of the AHOI Pilot Study.
Infektionsprävention in medizinischen und sozialen Einrichtungen durch hygienisches Verhalten
Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation (DIC): Old player creates new perspectives on the polymicrobial sepsis model of CASP.