Holtfreter, Birte	1575
Tooth Loss, Periodontitis and Statins in a Population-based Follow-up Study
Prediction of periodontal disease: modelling and validation in different general German populations
Clinical factors and self-perceived oral health
Die orale Situation beim älteren Patienten von heute und 2020
Sex Differences of Tooth Loss and Obesity on Systemic Markers of Inflammation
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
Comparison of periodontal conditions among three elderly populations in Japan and Germany.
Quantitative molecular detection of putative periodontal pathogens from clinically healthy and periodontally diseased subjects
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
Ältere Patienten- Die orale Situation von heute bis 2020
Is periodontitis prevalence declining? A review of the current literature
Changes in Prevalence of Periodontitis in Two German Population-based Studies.
Cold atmospheric plasma in combination with mechanical treatment improves osteoblast growth on biofilm covered titanium discs
Prediabetes and well controlled diabetes are not associated with periodontal disease: the SHIP Trend Study
Standards for reporting chronic periodontitis prevalence and severity in epidemiologic studies Proposed standards from the Joint EU/USA Periodontal Epidemiology Working Group.
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Using genetics to test the causal relationship of total adiposity and periodontitis: Mendelian randomization analyses in the Gene-Lifestyle Interactions and Dental Endpoints (GLIDE) Consortium.
Serum vitamin B12 is Inversely Associated with Periodontal Progression and Risk of Tooth Loss: A prospective Cohort Study
Is progression of periodontitis relevantly influenced by systemic antibiotics? A clinical randomized trial
Prognostic factors for the loss of molars - an 18-years retrospective cohort study
Effects of non-thermal atmospheric pressure plasma and sodium hypochlorite solution on Enterococcus faecalis biofilm: An investigation in extracted teeth
Removal of naturally grown human biofilm with an atmospheric pressure plasma jet: An in-vitro study
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Kombinationsbehandlung aus kaltem Plasma und einer mechanischen Reinigung führt zum verbesserten Osteoblastenwachstum auf Biofilm kontaminierten Titan
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
NADPH oxidase contributes to resistance against Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans-induced periodontitis in mice
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
The effect of furcation involvement on tooth loss in a population without regular periodontal therapy
A genome-wide association study identifies nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis.
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Does periodontitis affect diabetes incidence and haemoglobin A1c change? An 11-year follow-up study.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Parodontitis und Diabetes mellitus
The informative error: A framework for the construction of individualized phenotypes.
Editoial: Is the prevalence of periodontitis declining or not?
Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets
Der Parodontitis-Risiko-Score - Via Selbsttest zum Screening
Age-dependent distribution of periodontitis in two countries: Findings from NHANES 2009 to 2014 and SHIP-TREND 2008 to 2012.
Age-dependent distribution of periodontitis in two countries: Findings from NHANES 2009 to 2014 and SHIP-TREND 2008 to 2012.
A genome-wide association study identifes nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis
Self-reported oral health predicts tooth loss after five and ten years in a population-based study
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Third Molars And Periodontal Damage Of Second Molars In The General Population.
Effect of Periodontal Treatment on HbA1c among Patients with Prediabetes.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of coronary artery disease and periodontitis reveals a novel shared risk locus.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of aggressive and chronic periodontitis identifies two novel risk loci.
Erratum to "Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets".
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
Do Third Molars Contribute to Systemic Inflammation? Results from A Population-Based Study from Northeast Germany
The sex paradox in the interplay between periodontitis, obesity, and serum C-reactive protein. Data from a general population
Genome-wide analysis of dental caries and periodontitis combining clinical and self-reported data.
Long-term impact of powered toothbrush on oral health: 11-year cohort study.
Fibroblast Growth on Zirconia Ceramic and Titanium Disks After Application with Cold Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Devices or with Antiseptics
Diabetes status affects long-term changes in coronal caries - The SHIP Study.
Evaluating Modeling and Validation Strategies for Tooth Loss.  Krois J, Graetz C, Holtfreter B, Brinkmann P, Kocher T, Schwendicke F.
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
The Saliva Metabolome in Association to Oral Health Status
Design und Qualitätskontrolle der zahnmedizinischen Untersuchung in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie [Design and quality control of the oral health status examination in the German National Cohort (GNC)]
Effects of cold atmospheric pressure plasma and disinfecting agents on Candida albicans in root canals of extracted human teeth
Long-term tooth retention in periodontitis patients in four German university centres
Impact of Powered Toothbrush Use and Interdental Cleaning on Oral Health.
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Enzymatic biofilm destabilisation to support mechanical cleansing of inserted dental implant surfaces – an in-vitro pilot study
Repeated exposure of the oral mucosa over 12 months with cold plasma is not carcinogenic in mice
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
Is Continuous Eruption Related to Periodontal Changes? A 16-Year Follow-up.
Testing the association between tobacco smoking, alcohol consumption, and risk of periodontitis: A Mendelian randomization study.
Parodontitis – Therapie einer Volkskrankheit [Periodontitis-therapy of a widespread disease]
Entwicklung der Zahn- und Mundgesundheit in Deutschland von 1997 bis 2014 [Trends in dental and oral health status in Germany between 1997 and 2014]
Ten-year trends in DMF-S and DMF-T in a northeast German adult population Schmoeckel J, Haq J, Samietz S, Santamaría RM, Mourad MS, Völzke H, Kocher T, Splieth CH, Holtfreter B.
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
Association, prediction, generalizability: Cross-center validity of predicting tooth loss in periodontitis patients.
Periodontitis and pulmonary function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Polypharmacy and saliva volumes in the northeast of Germany - The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Prevalence and risk factors of potentially malignant disorders of the mucosa in the general population: Mucosa lesions a general health problem?
At which bone level are implants explanted?
Systematische Parodontitistherapie im universitären Umfeld – Praxisrelevant oder nicht? – Teil 1: Einführung und Ergebnisse einer retrospektiven multizentrischen Kohortenstudie
Systematische Parodontitistherapie im universitären Umfeld – Praxisrelevant oder nicht? – Teil 2: Behandlungskonzepte
Systematische Parodontitistherapie im universitären Umfeld – Praxisrelevant oder nicht? – Teil 3: Übertrag in die Praxis
Effekte verschiedener Mundhygienemaßnahmen auf die orale Gesundheit
Prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies among dental teams in Germany
Efficiency of cold atmospheric plasma, cleaning powders and their combination for biofilm removal on two different titanium implant surfaces.
A Mendelian randomization study on the effect of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels on periodontitis.
Understanding the consequences of educational inequalities on periodontitis: A Mendelian randomization study
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Relationship between periodontitis and psoriasis: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Impact of dental restorations and removable prostheses on potentially malignant oral mucosal disorders in the general population
Factors influencing tooth loss in European population
Comment: Type 1 diabetes and oral health: Findings from the Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications (EDIC) study. Kocher T, Holtfreter B, Nauck MA.
Association between bone turnover markers and periodontitis: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Tooth loss in periodontally treated patients: A registry- and observation-based analysis
Efficiency of biofilm removal by combination of water jet and cold plasma: an in-vitro study. Matthes R, Jablonowski L, Pitchika V, Holtfreter B, Eberhard C, Seifert L, Gerling T, Vilardell Scholten L, Schlüter R, Kocher T.
Phenotype Harmonization in the GLIDE2 Oral Health Genomics Consortium. Journal of Dental Research 2022
Genotype-driven NPC1L1 and PCSK9 inhibition and reduced risk of periodontitis
No bidirectional relationship between depression and periodontitis: A genetic correlation and Mendelian randomization study
Retrospective exploratory study of smoking status and e-cigarette use with response to non-surgical periodontal therapy.
Cannabis use and the risk of periodontitis: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Development and External Validation of a Multivariable Prediction Model to Identify Nondiabetic Hyperglycemia and Undiagnosed Type 2 Diabetes: Diabetes Risk Assessment in Dentistry Score (DDS)
Association between total body bone mineral density and periodontitis: a Mendelian randomization study. Alayash Z, Baumeister SE, Reckelkamm SL, Holtfreter B, Kocher T, Baurecht H, Ehmke B, Nolde M.
Have extraction patterns in German adults with severe periodontitis changed between 2000 and 2010? Results from two cohort studies.
Reliability of probing depth assessments at healthy implant sites and natural teeth
In-Vitro Biofilm Removal Efficacy Using Water Jet in Combination with Cold Plasma Technology on Dental Titanium Implants
Association between total body bone mineral density and periodontitis: A Mendelian randomization study.
Powered tooth brushes are beneficial for long-term oral health: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND).
Effect of interleukin 17 on periodontitis development: An instrumental variable analysis
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.