Haring, Robin	1590
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin and the metabolic syndrome in men: an individual participant data meta-analysis of observational studies.
Association of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
Endogenous androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin in women and risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes.
Association of sex hormones with incident 10-year cardiovascular disease and mortality in women.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Serum androgen concentrations and subclinical measures of cardiovascular disease in men and women.
Clinical correlates of sex hormones in women: The study of health in Pomerania.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
Associations of androgens with health care utilization and costs in women - Perspectives of a population-based cohort study.
Plasma Fibroblast Growth Factor 23: Clinical Correlates and Association With Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality in the Framingham Heart Study.
Causal relationship between obesity and serum testosterone status in men: A bi-directional mendelian randomization analysis.
Associations of androgens with depressive symptoms and cognitive status in the general population.
Sex Hormones and Hair Loss in Men From the General Population of Northeastern Germany.
Association of sex hormones with physical, laboratory, and imaging markers of anthropometry in men and women from the general population.
Prospective associations of androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin with 12-month, lifetime and incident anxiety and depressive disorders in men and women from the general population.