Thiele T	1604
Management of infants born with severe neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: the role of platelet transfusions and intravenous immunoglobulin.
Proteome Changes in Platelets After Pathogen Inactivation-An Interlaboratory Consensus.
Acquired hemophilia with inhibitors presenting as an emergency: misinterpretation of clotting results during direct oral anticoagulation.
Tolerance of platelet concentrates treated with UVC-light only for pathogen reduction - a phase I clinical trial.
[Hemostatic Management of Patients undergoing Ear-Nose-Throat-Surgery].
Reversal of anticoagulants: an overview of current developments.
Erworbene Hemmkörperhämophilie bei einer Notfallpatientin: Fehlinterpretation der Gerinnungswerte unter direkter oraler Antikoagulation
The impact of noninvasive, capillary, and venous hemoglobin screening on donor deferrals and the hemoglobin content of red blood cells concentrates: a prospective study.
Effect of Experimental Thyrotoxicosis onto Blood Coagulation: A Proteomics Study
Hemostatic management of patients undergoing ear-nose-throat surgery.
Reduced platelet transfusions and earlier platelet engraftment using alemtuzumab-based conditioning regimen in allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Thrombin generation, ProC(®)Global, prothrombin time and activated partial thromboplastin time in thawed plasma stored for seven days and after methylene blue/light pathogen inactivation
The Role of Platelets in Venous Thromboembolism.
Proteomic profile of platelets during reconstitution of platelet counts after apheresis.
Implications of a switch to a 100% apheresis platelet supply for patients and for blood donors: a risk benefit analysis.
Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals.
Altered timing of riboflavin and ultraviolet light pathogen inactivation improves platelet in vitro quality.
Platelet transfusion to reverse antiplatelet therapy before decompressive surgery in patients with intracranial haemorrhage
Data on the impact of the blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
The Perioperative Anticoagulant Use for Surgery Evaluation (PAUSE) Study for Patients on a Direct Oral Anticoagulant Who Need an Elective Surgery or Procedure: Design and Rationale.
No indication of increased infection rates using low-dose alemtuzumab instead of anti-thymocyte globulin as graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis before allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Preoperative platelet transfusions to reverse antiplatelet therapy for urgent non-cardiac surgery: an observational cohort study
Toward the Relevance of Platelet Subpopulations for Transfusion Medicine.
F(ab') Fragments to Overcome Daratumumab Interference in Transfusion Tests.
Cold storage of platelets in additive solution: The impact of residual plasma in apheresis platelet concentrates.
The role of social media for blood donor motivation and recruitment.
Erratum to: The Perioperative Anticoagulant Use for Surgery Evaluation (PAUSE) Study for Patients on a Direct Oral Anticoagulant who Need an Elective Surgery or Procedure: Design and Rationale.
How I manage patients with anticoagulation-associated bleeding or urgent surgery.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
Mean platelet volume is more important than age for defining reference intervals of platelet counts.
Use of Targeted High-Throughput Sequencing for Genetic Classification of Patients with Bleeding Diathesis and Suspected Platelet Disorder.
Platelet Transfusion in Perioperative Medicine.
Adenosine Triphosphate Neutralizes Pneumolysin-induced Neutrophil Activation.
Function of Large and Small Platelets Differs, Depending on Extracellular Calcium Availability and Type of Inductor.
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
Immediate high-dose intravenous immunoglobulins followed by direct thrombin-inhibitor treatment is crucial for survival in Sars-Covid-19-adenoviral vector vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia VITT with cerebral sinus venous and portal vein thrombosis.
Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccination.
A Flow cytometric assay to detect platelet activating antibodies in VITT after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination.
Anticoagulation in Patients with Platelet Disorders.
Efficacy of UVC-treated, pathogen-reduced platelets versus untreated platelets: a randomized controlled non-inferiority trial.
Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination with a misleading first cerebral MRI scan.
Anti-Platelet Factor 4 Antibodies Causing VITT do not Cross-React with SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein
COVID-19 Vaccine-Associated Cerebral Venous Thrombosis in Germany.
Adenovirus-Vectored COVID-19 Vaccine-Induced Immune Thrombosis of Carotid Artery: A Case Report.
COAT Platelets Under Alarm.
Results of the CAPSID randomized trial for high-dose convalescent plasma in severe COVID-19 patients.
Decline in Pathogenic Antibodies over Time in VITT.
Vaccine-Induced Thrombocytopenia with Severe Headache.
VITT after ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 Vaccination. Reply.
Complicated Long Term Vaccine Induced Thrombotic Immune Thrombocytopenia-A Case Report.
Postmortem investigation of fatalities following vaccination with COVID-19 vaccines.
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Laboratory confirmed vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia: Retrospective analysis of reported cases after vaccination with ChAdOx-1 nCoV-19 in Germany.
Platelet-activating anti-PF4 antibodies mimicking VITT antibodies in an unvaccinated patient with monoclonal gammopathy.
Most Anti-PF4 Antibodies in Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia are transient.
Platelet size as a mirror for the immune response after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination.
The deglycosylated form of 1E12 inhibits platelet activation and prothrombotic effects induced by VITT antibodies.
ABO O blood group as a risk factor for platelet reactivity in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Thrombocytopenia and splenic platelet directed immune responses after intravenous ChAdOx1 nCov-19 administration.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
GPVI expression is linked to platelet size, age, and reactivity.
Genome-wide association study of platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Patients with a History of VITT.
Early recognition and treatment of pre-VITT syndrome after adenoviral vector-based SARS-CoV-2 vaccination may prevent from thrombotic complications: review of published cases and clinical pathway.
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
Quantitative Interpretation of PF4/Heparin-EIA Optical Densities in Predicting for Platelet-Activating VITT Antibodies.