Wesche, Jan	1611
Impact of priming on the response of neutrophils to human neutrophil alloantigen-3a antibodies.
HNA antibody-mediated neutrophil aggregation is dependent on serine protease activity.
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Flucloxacillin-induced immune thrombocytopenia.
Assessment of human platelet survival in the NOD/SCID mouse model: technical considerations.
Platelet activation in the presence of Neutral Protamine Hagedorn insulin: a new feature of antibodies against protamine/heparin complexes.
Magnetic Nanoparticle Labeling of Human Platelets from Platelet Concentrates for Recovery and Survival Studies
Platelets kill bacteria by bridging innate and adaptive immunity via PF4 and Fc?RIIA.
Secreted Immunomodulatory Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus Activate Platelets and Induce Platelet Aggregation.
Interaction between the Staphylococcus aureus extracellular adherence protein Eap and its subdomains with platelets.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
Reactivity of platelet-activating and nonplatelet-activating anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in enzyme immunosorbent assays under different conditions.
Activated platelets kill Staphylococcus aureus, but not Streptococcus pneumoniae - The role of Fc?RIIa and platelet factor 4/heparin-antibodies.
Label-free on chip quality assessment of cellular blood products using real-time deformability cytometry
Pneumolysin induces platelet destruction, not platelet activation, which can be prevented by immunoglobulin preparations in vitro.
Effect of Methylene Blue Pathogen Inactivation on the Integrity of Immunoglobulin M and G
Function of Large and Small Platelets Differs, Depending on Extracellular Calcium Availability and Type of Inductor.
A Flow cytometric assay to detect platelet activating antibodies in VITT after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination.
The platelet proteasome and immunoproteasome are stable in buffy-coat derived platelet concentrates for up to 7?days
Anti-Platelet Factor 4 Antibodies Causing VITT do not Cross-React with SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Polyvalent immunoglobulin preparations inhibit pneumolysin-induced platelet destruction.
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
Author correction: Ex vivo anticoagulants affect human blood platelet biomechanics with implications for high-throughput functional mechanophenotyping
?-hemolysin of Staphylococcus aureus impairs thrombus formation.
Divalent magnesium restores cytoskeletal storage lesions in cold-stored platelet concentrates.
Group B Streptococcal Hemolytic Pigment Impairs Platelet Function in a Two-Step Process.
Cytoskeleton Dependent Mobility Dynamics of Fc?RIIA Facilitates Platelet Haptotaxis and Capture of Opsonized Bacteria.
Quantitative Interpretation of PF4/Heparin-EIA Optical Densities in Predicting for Platelet-Activating VITT Antibodies.
Fc?RIIA-specific DARPins as novel tools in blood cell analysis and platelet aggregation.