Gläser, Sven	1616
Genome-wide association analysis identifies six new loci associated with forced vital capacity.
Large-scale genome-wide association studies and meta-analyses of longitudinal change in adult lung function.
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are not associated with exercise capacity and lung function parameters in two population-based studies.
[Reference values for arterial oxygen content].
Physical Performance of Older Patients Training Regularly: Comparison with a Normal Population
Assessing cutoff values for increased exercise blood pressure to predict incident hypertension in a general population.
[Dyspnea : From the concept up to diagnostics].
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Management of patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis in clinical practice: the INSIGHTS-IPF registry.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and diabetes mellitus: a systematic review of the literature.
Physiology of oxygen uptake kinetics: Insights from incremental cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Occupational exposure to asbestos is associated with increased mortality in men recruited for a population-based study in Germany.
[Position Paper: Significance of the Forced Vital Capacity in Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis].
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Vitamin D is associated with cardiopulmonary exercise capacity: results of two independent cohorts of healthy adults.
Sixteen new lung function signals identified through 1000 Genomes Project reference panel imputation.
Randomized double blind placebo-controlled study to demonstrate that antibiotics are not needed in moderate acute exacerbations of COPD--the ABACOPD study.
Integrative pathway genomics of lung function and airflow obstruction.
The German COPD cohort COSYCONET: Aims, methods and descriptive analysis of the study population at baseline.
Genome-wide association study of copy number variation with lung function identifies a novel signal of association near BANP for forced vital capacity.
Relative impact of COPD and comorbidities on generic health-related quality of life: a pooled analysis of the COSYCONET patient cohort and control subjects from the KORA and SHIP studies.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Peripheral Artery Disease and its Clinical Relevance in Patients with COPD in the COSYCONET Study.
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Correction: Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
[Weaning Unit of the University Medicine Greifswald - Institutional Structure and Weaning Results from Prolonged Ventilation over 10 Years].
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Meta-analysis of exome array data identifies six novel genetic loci for lung function.
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
[Exercise Testing in Respiratory Medicine - DGP Recommendations].
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
Prevalence and associated risk factors of periodic limb movement in sleep in two German population-based studies.
Interobserver variability of ventilatory anaerobic threshold in asymptomatic volunteers.
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Prognostic value of cardiopulmonary exercise testing in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Rare and low-frequency exonic variants and gene-by-smoking interactions in pulmonary function.
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
Periodontitis and pulmonary function: a Mendelian randomization study.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
Normative Peak Cardiopulmonary Exercise Test Responses in Canadian Adults Aged ?40 Years.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in the Prognosis Assessment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients: A Retrospective, Multicentre Cohort Study.
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Sex-specific associations of cardiorespiratory fitness and galectin-3 in the general population.
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Prognostic Assessment of Patients with Interstitial Lung Diseases.