Kasch R	1683
Operation of Lumbar Zygoapophyseal Joint Cysts Using a Full-Endoscopic Interlaminar and Transforaminal Approach: Prospective 2-Year Results of 74 Patients.
An economic analysis of aseptic revision hip arthroplasty: Calculation of partial hospital costs in relation to reimbursement
Correlation between 3D microstructural and 2D histomorphometric properties of subchondral bone with healthy and degenerative cartilage of the knee joint.
Comparison of Health Care Costs Between Aseptic and Two Stage Septic Hip Revision.
A conceptual model of compensation/decompensation in lumbar segmental instability.
Minimalinvasive Therapie der Tumoren und Metastasen der Wirbelsäule durch Plasmafeldtherapie (Cavity Coblation) und Vertebro-/Kyphoplastie mit und ohne zusätzliche dorsale perkutane Instrumentation
Importance of work-life balance among German medical students who wish to become gynecologists.
An economoc analysis of aseptic revision hip arthroplasty: Calculation of partial hospital costs in relation to reimbursement.
Re: Surgical subinternships: bridging the chiasm between medical school and residency.
Re: Web Initiative for Surgical Education of Medical Doctors usage among millennial medical students.
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Nursing Practicum in Gynaecology and Obstetrics – Early Influence Possibilities for a Specialty
A New Electromagnetic Navigation System for Pedicle Screws Placement: A Human Cadaver Study at the Lumbar Spine.
Navigation of pedicle screws in the thoracic spine with a new electromagnetic navigation system: a human cadaver study.
Bilateral spinal decompression of lumbar central stenosis with the full-endoscopic interlaminar versus microsurgical laminotomy technique: a prospective, randomized, controlled study.
Osteosynthesis-screw augmentation by ultrasound-activated biopolymer--an ovine in vivo study assessing biocompatibility and bone-to-implant contact.
[Physician Shortage: How to Prevent Generation Y From Staying Away - Results of a Nationwide Survey].
[Stress and job satisfaction of future colleagues in anesthesiology].
Generation Y: Leistungsbereit bei geregelter Arbeitszeit
Plasma Disc Decompression Compared to Physiotherapy of Symptomatic Contained Lumbar Disc Herniation: A Prospective Randomised Controlled Trial
Combination Drug Therapy for Low Back Pain
Was können wir von 146 PJ-lern aus O&U lernen?
In vitro susceptibility of methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible strains of Staphylococcus aureus to two different cold atmospheric plasma sources.
Psychiatrisches Pflegepraktikum und die Förderung des fachspezifischen Ausbildungsinteresses
Plasma disc decompression compared to physiotherapy for symptomatic contained lumbar disc herniation: A prospective randomized controlled trial.
[Who Stays Loyal to Orthopaedics and Trauma Surgery? Results of a Nationwide Survey].
Does antibiotic resistance impair plasma susceptibility of multi-drug resistant clinical isolates of enterococci in vitro?
Subinternship in Radiology - A Practical Start to the Specialization?
Nanostrukturiertes synthetisches Knochenersatzmaterial zur Behandlung von Knochendefekten- Ergebnisse einer anwendungsbeobachtenden Studie
Kann ein Biofeedback-assoziierter Haltungstrainer Rückenschmerzen bei sitzend stark belasteten Patienten bessern? - eine Studie zu den therapeutischen Effekten im betrieblichen Gesundheitsmanagement am Arbeitsplatz
Re: Milestones for Internal Medicine Sub-interns
Comparative Analysis of Direct Hospital Care Costs between Aseptic and Two-Stage Septic Knee Revision.
Population-based study of the incidence of congenital hip dysplasia in preterm infants from the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Regional differences of tibial and femoral cartilage in the chondrocyte gene expression, immunhistochemistry and composite in different stages of osteoarthritis.
[Nursing Internship Internal Medicine: Evaluation and Influences on the Attitude towards the Specialization].
Successful Sub-Internships Promote Internal Medicine Career Choice.
Young Academics in Neuropsychological Disciplines: Factors Affecting Career Aspiration in Psychiatry, Neurology and Psychosomatic Medicine
[Young Academics in Neuropsychological Disciplines: Factors Affecting Career Aspiration in Psychiatry, Neurology and Psychosomatic Medicine].
What Are the Reference Values and Associated Factors for Center-edge Angle and Alpha Angle? A Population-based Study.
[Quality and Satisfaction with the Surgical Medical Clerkship from a Student Perspective].
Combination Drug Therapy for the Management of Low Back Pain and Sciatica: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
Prevalence of benign osseous lesions of the spine and association with spinal pain in the general population in whole body MRI.
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
The costs of total joint arthroplasty and their complications.
[Mandatory Surgical Subinternship in the Final Year of Medical School - a Stepping Stone to Becoming a Surgeon?]
The costs of total joint arthroplasty and their complications
Häufigkeiten muskuloskelettaler Symptome und Erkrankungen in der bevölkerungsbezogenen NAKO Gesundheitsstudie
Varying development of femoral and tibial subchondral bone tissue and their interaction with articular cartilage during progressing osteoarthritis.
Positionspapier der AG Lehre der Deutschen Gesellschaft für Orthopädie und Unfallchirurgie zum aktuellen Stand der Lehre im klinischen Abschnitt einschließlich PJ auf dem Fachgebiet O&U
Internship Experience in Orthopaedics and Traumatology and its Impact on Becoming a Specialist.
Association of Lumbar MRI Findings with Current and Future Back Pain in a Population-Based Cohort Study