Mustea A	1855
Polymorphism of the IL-8 gene and the risk of ovarian cancer.
Expression pattern of the microRNA miR-1 in ovarian cancer cell lines and tumor tissue samples implies a loss of miR-1's tumor suppressor properties
Excellent satisfaction despite strong pain after caesarean section - an audit within the quality management system for postoperative pain.
Acupuncture for pain control after caesarian section - a prospective observational pilot study
Jump in the fire - heat shock proteins and their impact on ovarian cancer therapy.
The new WHO classification of ovarian, fallopian tube, and primary peritoneal cancer and its clinical implications.
Management Strategies in Advanced Uterine Leiomyosarcoma: Focus on Trabectedin.
Perioperative morbidity and rate of upstaging after laparoscopic staging for patients with locally advanced cervical cancer: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Opportunistic salpingectomies for the prevention of a high-grade serous carcinoma: a statement by the Kommission Ovar of the AGO.
Statement by the Kommission Ovar of the AGO: The New FIGO and WHO Classifications of Ovarian, Fallopian Tube and Primary Peritoneal Cancer
Adjuvant therapy in lymph node-positive vulvar cancer: the AGO-CaRE-1 study
Should Fallopian Tubes Be Removed During Hysterectomy Procedures? - A Statement by AGO Ovar.
Acupuncture for pain control after Caesarean section: a prospective observational Pilot study
The Tumor Suppressor MicroRNA-1 Exhibits Restricted Inhibition of Proliferation of Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Drug-induced Modulation of Heat Shock Protein HSPB1 in an Ovarian Cancer Cell Model.
The future therapy of endometrial cancer: microRNA's functionality, capability, and putative clinical application.
Erratum to: The new WHO classification of ovarian, fallopian tube, and primary peritoneal cancer and its clinical implications.
Outcome After Sentinel Lymph Node Dissection in Vulvar Cancer: A Subgroup Analysis of the AGO-CaRE-1 Study.
Role of tumour-free margin distance for loco-regional control in vulvar cancer-a subset analysis of the Arbeitsgemeinschaft Gynäkologische Onkologie CaRE-1 multicenter study.
Implementation of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) Pathways in Gynecologic Oncology. A NOGGO-AGO* survey of 144 Gynecological Departments in Germany.
Decreasing the ratio of matriptase/HAI?1 by downregulation of matriptase as a potential adjuvant therapy in ovarian cancer.
Uterine Leiomyosarkome-Aktuelle Therapiekonzepte und laufende Studien
Clinical Outcome of Neoadjuvant Radiochemotherapy in Locally Advanced Cervical Cancer: Results of an Open Prospective, Multicenter Phase 2 Study of the North-Eastern German Society of Gynecological Oncology.
Exploring the clonal evolution of CD133/aldehyde-dehydrogenase-1 (ALDH1)-positive cancer stem-like cells from primary to recurrent high-grade serous ovarian cancer (HGSOC). A study of the Ovarian Cancer Therapy-Innovative Models Prolong Survival (OCTIPS) Consortium.
Heat Shock Protein HSP27 Secretion by Ovarian Cancer Cells Is Linked to Intracellular Expression Levels, Occurs Independently of the Endoplasmic Reticulum Pathway and HSP27's Phosphorylation Status, and Is Mediated by Exosome Liberation.
Different Cytokine and Chemokine Expression Patterns in Malignant Compared to Those in Nonmalignant Renal Cells
Expression, Intracellular Localization, and Prognostic Value of Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor 1 and PAI-1 RNA-Binding Protein 1 in Primary and Recurrent Ovarian Cancer: A Study of the Tumor Bank Ovarian Cancer Network
Cold Atmospheric Plasma (CAP) and CAP-Stimulated Cell Culture Media Suppress Ovarian Cancer Cell Growth - A Putative Treatment Option in Ovarian Cancer Therapy.
Y-box binding protein-1 enhances oncogenic transforming growth factor ß signaling in breast cancer cells via triggering phospho-activation of Smad2
MicroRNA-1 and microRNA-21 individually regulate cellular growth of non-malignant and malignant renal cells
Functionality of the tumor suppressor microRNA-1 in malignant tissue and cell line cells of uterine leiomyosarcoma
Characterization and management of borderline ovarian tumors - results of a retrospective, single-center study of patients treated at the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics of the University Medicine Greifswald
The antiestrogens 4-hydroxytamoxifen and fulvestrant are inhibitors of oncogenic factor Y-box binding protein-1 expression in breast cancer cells
Auricular acupuncture for treatment of preoperative anxiety in patients scheduled for ambulatory gynaecological surgery: a prospective controlled investigation with a non-randomised arm
Cold atmospheric plasma (CAP) and CAP-stimulated cell culture media suppress ovarian cancer cell growth - a putative treatment option in ovarian cancer therapy
Acupuncture for Pain Control After Cesarean Section - A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Investigation
Interdisciplinary Diagnosis, Therapy and Follow-up of Patients with Endometrial Cancer. Guideline (S3-Level, AWMF Registry Number 032/034-OL, April 2018) - Part 2 with Recommendations on the Therapy and Follow-up of Endometrial Cancer, Palliative Care, Psycho-oncological/Psychosocial Care/Rehabilitation/Patient Information and Healthcare Facilities.
What is the evidence for lymphadenectomy in presumed early ovarian cancer?