Wolke, Carmen	1868
PPAR-Gamma activation limits angiotensin II -mediated arial remodeling: One drug fits all AF patients?
Dronedarone does not affect infarct volume as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging in a porcine model of myocardial infarction.
Atrial fibrillation and rapid acute pacing regulate adipocyte/adipositas-related gene Expression in the atria
Effects of NOS deficiency on the Expression of ADAM12 in the brain of aging mice
Redox control of cardiac remodeling in atrial fibrillation
Atrial fibrillation is associated with the fibrotic remodeling of adipose tissue in the subepicardium of human and sheep atria
The Angiotensin-(1-7)/Mas axis improves pancreatic ß-cell function in vitro and in vivo
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
Insulin-regulated aminopeptidase immunoreactivity is abundantly present in human Hypothalamus and posterior pituitary gland, with reduced Expression in paraventricular and suprachiasmatic Neurons in chronic schizophrenia
Structuring (right) atrial fibrillation: location matters.
The LXR Ligand T0901317 acultely inhibits Insulin secreation by affecting mitochondrial metabolism
Protective regulation of the ACE2/ACE gene Expression by oestrogen in human atrial tissue from elderly men
CREM-transgene mice: An animal model of atrial fibrillation and thrombegenesis
Proteomics and transcriptomics in atrial fibrillation.
Effects of siRNA-dependent knock-down of cardiolipin synthase and tafazzin on mitochondria and proliferation of glioma cells
Intergration of "Omics" Techniques: Dronedarone Affects Cardiac Remodeling in the Infarction Border Zone.
Tafazzin-dependent cardiolipin composition in C6 glioma cells correlates with changes in mitochondrial and cellular functions and cellular proliferation
Highlight article: Vitamin B6 deficiency in new born rats affects hepatic cardiolipin composition and oxidative phosphorylation
Proliferation of C6 glioma cells requires the phospholipid remodeling enzyme tafazzin independent of cardiolipin composition.
MiD51 Is Important for Maintaining Mitochondrial Health in Pancreatic Islet and MIN6 Cells
Possible New Strategies for the Treatment of Congenital Hyperinsulinism.
Expression of canonical transient receptor potential channels in U-2 OS and MNNG-HOS osteosarcoma cell lines.
WNT signaling in atrial fibrillation.
Vitamin B6 deficiency in new Born rats is associated with substatnial changes in cardiolipin composition and impairment of oxidative phosphorylation in the liver
Macrophages: shapes and functions
Re-Expression of Tafazzin Isoforms in TAZ-Deficient C6 Glioma Cells Restores Cardiolipin Composition but Not Proliferation Rate and Alterations in Gene Expression
Anti-inflammatory effects of endothelin receptor blockade in left atrial tissue of spontaneously hypertensive rats
Redox-Regulation in Cancer Stem Cells
Mechanical characterization of isolated mitochondria under conditions of oxidative stress.
Renal angiotensin I-converting enzyme-deficient mice are protected against aristolochic acid nephropathy.
The Role of the Ectopeptidase APN/CD13 in Cancer
Corrigendum: Re-expression of tafazzin isoforms in TAZ-deficient C6 glioma cells restores cardiolipin composition but not proliferation rate and alterations in gene expression.