Daeschlein G	1897
In Vitro Susceptibility of Multidrug Resistant Skin and Wound Pathogens Against Low Temperature Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Jet (APPJ) and Dielectric Barrier Discharge Plasma (DBD)
Significance and prevention of post-operative wound complications
New Strategies for Preoperative Skin Antisepsis
Influence of preoperative skin sealing with cyanoacrylate on microbial contamination of surgical wounds following trauma surgery: a prospective, blinded, controlled observational study
Skin and wound decontamination of multidrug-resistant bacteria by cold atmospheric plasma coagulation.
Repetitive Immunoadsorption Cycles for Treatment of Severe Atopic Dermatitis.
Antimicrobial Efficacy of a Historical High-Frequency Plasma Apparatus in Comparison With 2 Modern, Cold Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Devices.
Maggots as potential vector for pathogen transmission and consequences for infection control in waste management.
[Infections Associated with Treatment with Hirudo medicinalis - Report of Two Cases and Review of the Literature].
Antimikrobielle OP-Handschuhe können in vitro eine Wundkontamination bei Handschuhperforation verhindern
In vitro Empfindlichkeit multiresistenter Haut- und Wundpathogene gegenüber zwei unterschiedlichen Quellen von gewebetolerablem Plasma („atmospheric pressure plasma jet“ = APPJ und „dielectric barrier discharge plasma“ = DBD)
Antibakterielle Wirkung eines elektrochirurgischen Debridements mit kaltem Plasma
Haut- und Wunddekontamination bei multiresistenten bakteriellen Erregern durch Koagulation mit kaltem Atmosphärendruck-Plasma
Antimicrobial Sterile Gloves Reduce Pathogen Transmission in an In Vitro Glove Perforation Model.
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Risk factors for MRSA colonization in dermatologic patients in Germany
Risikofaktoren für eine MRSA-Kolonisation bei dermatologischen Patienten in Deutschland.
Die Rolle postantiseptischer Flora in der Genese tiefer postoperativer Wundinfektionen
Proteomic Changes of Tissue-Tolerable Plasma Treated Airway Epithelial Cells and Their Relation to Wound Healing
Photodynamic therapy in dermatology: Actual indications and new alternative therapies
Wenn oberflächliche Freunde zu tief sitzenden Feinden werden - Mikrobielle Belastung von Haut und Wunden in Klinik und Praxis
Filtration effects of zebra mussels on pathogens and total bacterial burden in the Odra Lagoon (South Baltic).
Importance of modern treatment procedures for infected and colonized wounds in dermatology (Stellenwert moderner physikalischer Behandlungsverfahren bei infizierten und kolonisierten Wunden in der Dermatologie)
Infektionen in der Dermatologie
Microbial stress of skin and wounds in clinical aspects and practice (Mikrobielle Belastung von Haut und Wunden in Klinik und Praxis)
Alleviation of chronic venous leg ulcers with a hand-held dielectric barrier discharge plasma generator (PlasmaDerm((R)) VU-2010): results of a monocentric, two-armed, open, prospective, randomized and controlled trial (NCT01415622).
[Microbial stress of skin and wounds in clinical aspects and practice. Between search and destroy and monitor and relax].
In vitro susceptibility of methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible strains of Staphylococcus aureus to two different cold atmospheric plasma sources.
Comparison of the effect of negative pressure wound therapy with and without installation of polyhexanide on the bacterial kinetic in chronic wounds
Postantiseptische Flora im OP-Feld
Retrospective analysis of 56 soft tissue defects treated with one-stage reconstruction using dermal skin substitutes.
Retrospektive Analyse von56 Weichteildefekten nach einzeitiger Rekonstruktion unter Verwendung von Dermisersatzpräparaten.
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstutzungswunsch ambulanter Hauttumorpatienten.
Viability of Lucilia sericata maggots after exposure to wound antiseptics.
Does antibiotic resistance impair plasma susceptibility of multi-drug resistant clinical isolates of enterococci in vitro?
New Treatment Options for Osteosarcoma - Inactivation of Osteosarcoma Cells by Cold Atmospheric Plasma.
In vitro killing of mycobacteria by low temperature atmospheric pressure plasma and dielectric barrier discharge plasma for treatment of tuberculosis
Virucide properties of cold atmospheric plasma for future clinical applications
Peroxiredoxin Expression of Human Osteosarcoma Cells Is Influenced by Cold Atmospheric Plasma Treatment.
Cold atmospheric plasma in orthopaedic and urologic tumor therapy.
Hyperspectral imaging as a novel diagnostic tool in microcirculation of wounds.
Comparison of Cold Atmospheric Plasma Devices' Efficacy on Osteosarcoma and Fibroblastic In Vitro Cell Models.
Hyperspectral imaging for in vivo monitoring of cold atmospheric plasma effects on microcirculation in treatment of head and neck cancer and wound healing
Treatment of recalcitrant actinic keratosis (AK) of the scalp by cold atmospheric plasma
Livedovaskulopathie – eine Erkrankung seltener Blutgruppenmerkmale?
Enhanced anticancer efficacy by drug chemotherapy and cold atmospheric plasma against melanoma and glioblastoma cell lines in vitro
Exoproteome Analysis of Human Pathogenic Dermatophyte Species and Identification of Immunoreactive Proteins.
Effects and safety of atmospheric low-temperature plasma on bacterial reduction in chronic wounds and wound size reduction: A systematic review and meta-analysis
Consensus Recommendation: Indications and methods for microbiological wound diagnostics
A case of IgA-antiphospholipid Syndrome – a rare clinical variant
„Schmuckvoll konfigurierte Blasen“ am gesamten Integument bei erstdiagnostizierter Colitis ulcerosa
Long-term outcome of open surgery in CVI patients concerning postoperative complications, perioperative hemodynamics and clinical efficacy, Part I.
Hyperspectral imaging: innovative diagnostics to visualize hemodynamic effects of cold plasma in wound therapy
Comparison of Cold Atmospheric Plasma Devices’ Efficacy on Osteosarcoma and Fibroblastic In Vitro Cell Models
Auswahl von Wundantiseptika – Aktualisierung des Expertenkonsensus 2018
Auswahl von Wundantiseptika - Aktualisierung des Expertenkonsensus 2018 (Auszug aus der Gesamtpublikation aus WUNDmanagement Suppl. 1, 2019; 13: 5-22)
[Influence of nutrition, common autoimmune diseases and smoking on the incidence of foot mycoses].
Hyperspectral imaging demonstrates microcirculatory effects of postoperative exercise therapy in Dupuytren's disease
MicroRNA-20a-3p and microRNA-20a-5p exhibit anti-proliferative activities in a melanoma in vitro model
Primary leptomeningeal melanocytic tumors of the spine: report of two cases and review of the literature
Does rehabilitation pose a risk to patients suffering from haemato-oncological diseases? Results of a monocentric, retrospective analysis in Germany
Rolle des Mikrobioms bei chronischen WundenRole of the microbiome in chronic wounds
Improved Wound Healing of Airway Epithelial Cells Is Mediated by Cold Atmospheric Plasma: A Time Course-Related Proteome Analysis.
Does rehabilitation pose a risk to patients suffering from haemato-oncological diseases? Results of a monocentric, retrospective analysis in Germany.
Psychosocial distress and desire for support among skin cancer patients - impact of treatment setting
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstützungswunsch von Hauttumorpatienten - Einfluss des Behandlungs-Settings
Long-term risk assessment for medical application of cold atmospheric pressure plasma