Scheer, Christian Samuel	1981
Fulminante Pneumokokkensepsis nach Splenektomie
Hyperlactatemia is an independent predictor of mortality and denotes distinct subtypes of severe sepsis and septic shock
Biomarkers in severe sepsis and septic shock: Just listen to the heart?
Incidence of pathogen detection in blood cultures of severe sepsis and septic shock patients is higher, if blood cultures were drawn before anti-infective therapy
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of intensive care - and hospital length of stay for severe sepsis and septic shock patients by a continuois quality improvement program over 7.5 years
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Patient-side automated blood culture incubation shortens the time to positivity significantly
Reduction of 90-day mortality in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock by initiation of oral beta-blocker treatment and continuation of a previous beta-blocker therapy
Transfusion practice in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock was not affected by cardiac comorbidities: a retrospective study
Mortality of Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock in Mecklenburg- Western Pomerania: The INSEP-Study
Mortality of blood-culture-positive vs. blood-culture-negative patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Anhaltende Reduktion der Intensiv- und Krankenhausliegedauer bei schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock durch ein kontinuierliches Qualitätsmanagementprojekt über 7,5 Jahre
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
How Sepsis-3 changes previous severe sepsis and septic shock cohorts in respect to mortality and length of stay
Continuing chronic beta-blockade in the acute phase of severe sepsis and septic shock is associated with decreased mortality rates up to 90 days.
Dexmedetomidine in Patients With Sepsis Requiring Mechanical Ventilation.
Use of the qSOFA Score in the Emergency Department.
Effect of a multifaceted educational intervention for anti-infectious measures on sepsis mortality: a cluster randomized trial
Dynamic Evolution of SOFA-Score before Sepsis-1 Onset in Patients with ICU acquired Sepsis
Procalcitonin  levels to predict blood culture results in patients with suspected infections
The role of enterococci in the treatment of patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Detection of Staphylococcus aureus Bacteremia by fully automated Multiplex PCR (Curetis Unyvero)
Early detection of ESBL by Accelerate PhenoTM system - a case report
Die neuen Sepsis-3 Kriterien identifizieren Intensivpatienten mit schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock früher als die alten Sepsis-1 Kriterien
Weniger ist mehr - erfolgreiche Kampf gegen Sepsis
Sepsis erkennen im Rettungsdienst: Ergebnisse einer interprofessionellen Befragung zur präklinischen und frühen innerklinischen Sepsiserkennung
Impact of antibiotic administration on blood culture positivity at the beginning of sepsis: a prospective clinical cohort study.
Glucocorticoids with or without Fludrocortisone in Septic Shock.
Do Sepsis-3 criteria facilitate earlier recognition of sepsis and septic shock? A retrospective cohort study.
Sepsis-3 Is a Positive Evolution in Discrimination Between Septic and Nonseptic Patients As Well As Sepsis Entities, Not a Step Backward.
Sepsis ist ein Notfall – was müssen wir beachten?
On-site blood culture incubation shortens the time to knowledge of positivity and microbiological results in septic patients.
Reply to the Letter to the Editor: Earlier Recognition of Sepsis and Septic Shock With Sepsis-3 Criteria - It's Still Early Days!
Reply to the Letter to the Editor: Earlier Recognition of Sepsis and Septic Shock With Sepsis-3 Criteria - It's Still Early Days!
Impact of source of infection on frequency and severity of organ dysfunction in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock.
Diagnostic performance of Unyvero intra-abdominal infection assay compared to standard microbiological culture in patients with abdominal sepsis
Vibrio vulnificus, eine zunehmende Sepsisgefahr in Deutschland?
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
Anti-Platelet Factor 4 Antibodies Causing VITT do not Cross-React with SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein
Randomized controlled multicentre study of albumin replacement therapy in septic shock (ARISS): Protocol for a randomized controlled trial
Machine Learning Identifies ICU Outcome Predictors in a Multicenter COVID-19 cohort.
Sepsis mortality in Germany-Good comparable data are currently unavailable
Fever and hypothermia represent two populations of sepsis patients and are associated with outside temperature
A multifaceted educational intervention improved anti-infectious measures but had no effect on mortality in patients with severe sepsis: results of the second intervention phase of the MEDUSA trial.
Do not forget the blood cultures!
Course of disease and risk factors for hospitalization in outpatients with a SARS?CoV?2 infection
The German National Pandemic Cohort Network (NAPKON): rationale, study design and baseline characteristics.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools