Cigliano A	19863
4EBP1/eIF4E and p70S6K/RPS6 axes play critical and distinct roles in hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT and N-Ras proto-oncogenes in mice.
Activation of ?-catenin and Yap1 in human hepatoblastoma and induction of hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
SKP2 cooperates with N-Ras or AKT to induce liver tumor development in mice.
Inactivation of fatty acid synthase impairs hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT in mice and humans.
PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway plays a major pathogenetic role in glycogen accumulation and tumor development in renal distal tubules of rats and men.
Co-activation of PIK3CA and Yap promotes development of hepatocellular and cholangiocellular tumors in mouse and human liver.
Quantification of liver proton-density fat fraction in 7.1T preclinical MR systems: Impact of the fitting technique.
[Molecular and metabolic changes in human clear cell liver foci].
PI3K/AKT/mTOR-dependent stabilization of oncogenic far-upstream element binding proteins in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Jagged 1 is a major Notch ligand along cholangiocarcinoma development in mice and humans.
The Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Inhibitor Gefitinib Reduces but Does Not Prevent Tumorigenesis in Chemical and Hormonal Induced Hepatocarcinogenesis Rat Models.
Both de novo synthetized and exogenous fatty acids support the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Differential requirement for de novo lipogenesis in cholangiocarcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma of mice and humans.
Co-activation of AKT and c-Met triggers rapid hepatocellular carcinoma development via the mTORC1/FASN pathway in mice.
Tankyrase inhibitors suppress hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth via modulating the Hippo cascade.
Role of the Notch signaling in cholangiocarcinoma.
Inhibition of HSF1 suppresses the growth of hepatocarcinoma cell lines in vitro and AKT-driven hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
Pan-mTOR inhibitor MLN0128 is effective against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma in mice.
A functional mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 signaling is indispensable for c-Myc-driven hepatocarcinogenesis.
Oncogene dependent requirement of fatty acid synthase in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Deregulated c-Myc requires a functional HSF1 for experimental and human hepatocarcinogenesis.
Central role of mTORC1 downstream of YAP/TAZ in hepatoblastoma development.
Hepatocellular glycogenotic foci after combined intraportal pancreatic islet transplantation and knockout of the carbohydrate responsive element binding protein in diabetic mice.
Loss of Pten synergizes with c-Met to promote hepatocellular carcinoma development via mTORC2 pathway.
Combined CDK4/6 and pan-mTOR inhibition is synergistic against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Oncogene-dependent addiction to carbohydrate-responsive element binding protein in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Hippo Cascade Controls Lineage Commitment of Liver Tumors in Mice and Humans.
Efficacy of MEK inhibition in a K-Ras-driven cholangiocarcinoma preclinical model.
Oncogenic potential of N-terminal deletion and S45Y mutant ?-catenin in promoting hepatocellular carcinoma development in mice.
Focal adhesion kinase activation limits efficacy of Dasatinib in c-Myc driven hepatocellular carcinoma.
Loss of Fbxw7 synergizes with activated Akt signaling to promote c-Myc dependent cholangiocarcinogenesis.
Inhibition of MELK Protooncogene as an Innovative Treatment for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
Transcriptomic and Proteomic Analysis of Clear Cell Foci (CCF) in the Human Non-Cirrhotic Liver Identifies Several Differentially Expressed Genes and Proteins with Functions in Cancer Cell Biology and Glycogen Metabolism.