Lode, Holger	2001
Chronic diseases in pregnant women: prevalence and birth outcomes based on the SNiP-study
Inzidenz und Therapiedauer pathologischer Hüftbefunde im Rahmen der U2- und U3-Untersuchung (SNiP Studie)
Validated detection of human anti-chimeric immune responses in serum of neuroblastoma patients treated with ch14.18/CHO.
Development of immunomonitoring of antibody?dependent cellular cytotoxicity against neuroblastoma cells using whole blood.
Erfolgreiche Therapie einer metamizolinduzierten Agranulozytose bei septischen Schock mit Sargramostim.
Functional bioassays for immune monitoring of high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated with ch14.18/CHO anti-GD2 antibody.
Nekrotisierende Fasziitis – nur ein chirurgisches Problem?
Chronische Pleuritis und persistierender rechtsseitiger  Pleuraerguss bei Chlamydia-pneumoniae-Infektion
Ist die Diagnose sicher? – Aspergillus-Pneumonie unter Immunsuppression
Ist die Diagnose sicher? – Aspergillus-Pneumonie unter Immunsuppression
Febrile ulceronecrotic Mucha-Habermann disease following suspected hemorrhagic chickenpox infection in a 20-month-old boy.
Targeting of Heme Oxygenase-1 as a novel immune regulator of neuroblastoma.
Mutational dynamics between primary and relapse neuroblastomas.
Targeting of MYCN by means of DNA vaccination is effective against neuroblastoma in mice.
Einführung des CF-Screenings in Deutschland - was ist für den niedergelassenen Pädiater wichtig?
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ch14.18/CHO in relapsed/refractory high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated by long-term infusion in combination with IL-2.
Disialoganglioside-specific human natural killer cells are effective against drug-resistant neuroblastoma
The impact of socioeconomic factors on the efficiency of voluntary toxoplasmosis screening during pregnancy: a population-based study.
GM-CSF as successful salvage therapy of metamizole (dipyrone)- induced agranulocytosis with Fournier's gangrene and severe septic shock in an adolescent.
Ungewöhnliche Ursache eines Stridors
Neuroblastoma patients with high-affinity FCGR2A, -3A and stimulatory KIR 2DS2 treated by long-term infusion of anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO show higher ADCC levels and improved event-free survival.
Generation and Characterization of a Human/Mouse Chimeric GD(2)-Mimicking Anti-Idiotype Antibody Ganglidiximab for Active Immunotherapy against Neuroblastoma
Generation and Characterization of a Human/Mouse Chimeric GD(2)-Mimicking Anti-Idiotype Antibody Ganglidiximab for Active Immunotherapy against Neuroblastoma
MYCN-targeting vaccines and immunotherapeutics.
MYCN-targeting vaccines and immunotherapeutics.
Anti-GD2-ch14.18/CHO coated nanoparticles mediate glioblastoma (GBM)-specific delivery of the aromatase inhibitor, Letrozole, reducing proliferation, migration and chemoresistance in patient-derived GBM tumor cells
Anti-GD2-ch14.18/CHO coated nanoparticles mediate glioblastoma (GBM)-specific delivery of the aromatase inhibitor, Letrozole, reducing proliferation, migration and chemoresistance in patient-derived GBM tumor cells
Surgery in neuroblastoma with encasement of Major visceral vessels
Tolerability, response and outcome of high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated with long-term infusion of anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO
PD-1 blockade augments anti-neuroblastoma immune response induced by anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO
Inflammatory response and treatment tolerance of long-term infusion of the anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO in combination with interleukin-2 in patients with high-risk neuroblastoma.
Impact of HACA on Immunomodulation and Treatment Toxicity Following ch14.18/CHO Long-Term Infusion with Interleukin-2: Results from a SIOPEN Phase 2 Trial
Co-expression of IL-15 enhances anti-neuroblastoma effectivity of a tyrosine hydroxylase-directed DNA vaccination in mice
Interleukin 2 with anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO (dinutuximab beta) in patients with high-risk neuroblastoma (HR-NBL1/SIOPEN): a multicentre, randomised, phase 3 trial
EZH2 Inhibition in Ewing Sarcoma Upregulates GD2 Expression for Targeting with Gene-Modified T Cells
Low CD4?/CD25?/CD127? regulatory T cell- and high INF-? levels are associated with improved survival of neuroblastoma patients treated with long-term infusion of ch14.18/CHO combined with interleukin-2
Neuroblastoma with intracerebral metastases and the need for neurosurgery: a single-center experience
Management of tumor rupture and abdominal compartment syndrome in an infant with bilateral high risk stage 4 neuroblastoma A case report
Tumorimmuntherapie in der pädiatrischen Onkologie (Tumor immunotherapy in pediatric oncology)
BCL11B depletion induces the development of highly cytotoxic innate T cells out of IL-15 stimulated peripheral blood ?? CD8+ T cells
In vitro response of THP-1 derived macrophages to antimicrobially effective PHMB-coated Ti6Al4V alloy implant material with and without contamination with S. epidermidis and P. aeruginosa.
Dinutuximab beta combined with chemotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory neuroblastoma.
Quantitative Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Neuroblastoma.
Quantitative Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Neuroblastoma.