Schurmann C	2007
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Blood cis-eQTL analysis fails to identify novel association signals among sub-threshold candidates from genome-wide association studies in restless legs syndrome.
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
A genetic variant in the seed region of miR-4513 shows pleiotropic effects on lipid and glucose homeostasis, blood pressure, and coronary artery disease
A meta-analysis of gene expression signatures of blood pressure and hypertension.
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
A functional brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) gene variant increases the risk of moderate-to-severe allergic rhinitis.
Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases.
Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals.
Genome-wide association study of copy number variation with lung function identifies a novel signal of association near BANP for forced vital capacity.
Chromosomal contacts connect loci associated with autism, BMI and head circumference phenotypes.
A Whole-Blood Transcriptome Meta-Analysis Identifies Gene Expression Signatures of Cigarette Smoking.
Blood RNA expression profiles undergo major changes during the seventh decade.
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
Genome-wide association and targeted analysis of copy number variants with psoriatic arthritis in German patients.