Kuwert P	20809
Loneliness Among Older Veterans in the United States: Results from the National Health and Resilience in Veterans Study
Integrative Testimonial Therapy (ITT) - a therapist-assisted internet-based writing therapy for traumatised survivors of the second World War with posttraumatic stress symptoms
Typologies of psttraumatic stress disorder in treatment-seeking older adults
Behandlungskontinuität bei Wechsel der Behandlungsettings. Kasuistik einer Therapie der Panikstörung mit komorbider depressiver Episode
Longterm effects of Conflict-related sexual violence compared with non-sexual war trauma - a matched pairs study
Readiness to reconcile and post-traumatic distress in German survivors of wartime rapes in 1945.
Stigma and Parenting Children Conceived From Sexual Violence.
["Let it bleed!"--a complex posttraumatic enactment].
Depression, Somatization, and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in Children Born of Occupation After World War II in Comparison With a General Population.
Predictors of outcome of an Internet-based cognitive-behavioural therapy for post-traumatic stress disorder in older adults.
[Growing up as an occupation child of World War II in Germany: Rationale and methods of a study on German occupation children].
[Traumatization and posttraumatic stress disorder. Effect of type and number of traumatic experiences].
[Trauma and posttraumatic stress symptoms in patients in German primary care settings].
Respondent-driven sampling to assess mental health outcomes, stigma and acceptance among women raising children born from sexual violence-related pregnancies in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
Typologies of posttraumatic stress disorder in treatment-seeking older adults.
Trauma und posttraumatische Belastungssymptome bei Patienten in deutschen Hausarztpraxen
Psychotraumatologische Befragung von Hinterbliebenen vermisster deutscher Soldaten des Zweiten Weltkrieges
Efficacy and Feasibility of a Therapist-Guided Internet-Based Intervention for Older Persons with Childhood Traumatization: A Randomized Controlled Trial
A qualitative analysis of psychosocial outcomes among women with sexual violence-related pregnancies in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
Childhood maltreatment in children born of occupation after WWII in Germany and its association with mental disorders.
Should the definition of the term "children born of war" and vulnerabilities of children from recent conflict and post-conflict settings be broadened?