Gärtner, Simone	2090
Quality control of parenteral nutrition in hospitalized patients.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Geriatric nutritional risk index correlates with length of hospital stay and inflammatory markers in older inpatients.
Evaluation of a non-invasive multisensor accelerometer for calculating energy expenditure in ventilated intensive care patients compared to indirect calorimetry and predictive equations.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review.
Early Parenteral Nutrition in Patients with Biliopancreatic Mass Lesions, a Prospective, Randomized Intervention Trial.
Physical Activity, Energy Expenditure, Nutritional Habits, Quality of Sleep and Stress Levels in Shift-Working Health Care Personnel.
Langzeitüberleben an der Dialyse - Bedeutung diätetischer Maßnahmen
Regionaler Vergleich von Ernährungsgewohnheiten der Normalbevölkerung in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Nutritional management of chronic pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Efficiency of a 15-Week Weight-Loss Program, Including a Low-Calorie Formula Diet, on Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Overweight or Obesity.
Feasibility of a 3-month supportive ambulant nutrition therapy (SANT) in malnourished patients with liver cirrhosis and chronic pancreatitis
Malnutrition Is Highly Prevalent in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis and Characterized by Loss of Skeletal Muscle Mass but Absence of Impaired Physical Function.
Abdominal Morphologic Changes in MRI during Gastric Balloon Therapy
Analysis of ESPEN and GLIM algorithms reveals specific drivers for the diagnosis of malnutrition in patients with chronic gastrointestinal diseases.