Bülow, Robin	2140
Whole-body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the German National Cohort: Rationale, Design and Technical Background
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Management of Intracranial Incidental Findings on Brain MRI.
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Cortical abnormalities in adults and adolescents with major depression based on brain scans from 20 cohorts worldwide in the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder Working Group.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Association of sex hormones with physical, laboratory, and imaging markers of anthropometry in men and women from the general population.
Mapping cortical brain asymmetry in 17,141 healthy individuals worldwide via the ENIGMA Consortium.
Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
Correction to: Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
High Thyrotropin Is Associated with Reduced Hippocampal Volume in a Population-Based Study from Germany
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Do Third Molars Contribute to Systemic Inflammation? Results from A Population-Based Study from Northeast Germany
Pancreatic Steatosis Is Associated With Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function
Interactive impact of childhood maltreatment, depression, and age on cortical brain structure: mega-analytic findings from a large multi-site cohort
No Alterations of Brain Structural Asymmetry in Major Depressive Disorder: An ENIGMA Consortium Analysis.
Prevalence of benign osseous lesions of the spine and association with spinal pain in the general population in whole body MRI.
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
Comparability of Size Measurements of the Pancreas in Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Transabdominal Ultrasound.
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Association of Copy Number Variation of the 15q11.2 BP1-BP2 Region With Cortical and Subcortical Morphology and Cognition.
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
Are Third Molars Associated With Orofacial Pain? Findings From the SHIP Study
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Virtual Histology of Cortical Thickness and Shared Neurobiology in 6 Psychiatric Disorders.
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate
1q21.1 distal copy number variants are associated with cerebral and cognitive alterations in humans.
Genetic factors influencing a neurobiological substrate for psychiatric disorders.
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
Association of Lumbar MRI Findings with Current and Future Back Pain in a Population-Based Cohort Study
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
The site of waist measurement impacts the estimation of visceral fat: Results from three-dimensional photonic body scanning.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Association between hepatic fat and subclinical vascular disease burden in the general population.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
Brain Correlates of Suicide Attempt in 18,925 Participants Across 18 International Cohorts.
Cortical and subcortical brain structure in generalized anxiety disorder: findings from 28 research sites in the ENIGMA-Anxiety Working Group.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Body mass index but not genetic risk is longitudinally associated with altered structural brain parameters
Associations of objective and subjective sleep quality with MRI markers of brain ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Inverse association between the anticholinergic burden and hippocampus volume in a population-based cohort across the entire adult age range.
Striking sex differences in magnetic resonance imaging findings in the sacroiliac joints in the population
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Blickdiagnose reicht nicht zur Differenzierung
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
Genetic and clinical determinants of abdominal aortic diameter: genome-wide association studies, exome array data and Mendelian randomization study.
Links between ectopic and abdominal fat and systemic inflammation: New insights from the SHIP-Trend study.
Hereditary Breast and Ovarian Cancer Service in Sparsely Populated Western Pomerania
Framework and baseline examination of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
An uncertainty-aware, shareable, and transparent neural network architecture for brain-age modeling.
Interaction of childhood abuse and depressive symptoms on cortical thickness: a general population study.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
Os acromiale: prevalence and associated patient-related factors-a population-based study of three thousand and fifty participants.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
Associations of Pulmonary Function with MRI Brain Volumes: A Coordinated Multi-Study Analysis.
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
Automated imaging-based abdominal organ segmentation and quality control in 20,000 participants of the UK Biobank and German National Cohort Studies.
Identification of early predictors for infected necrosis in acute pancreatitis.
Correction to: Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate.
Virtual ontogeny of cortical growth preceding mental illness
Population Based Average Parotid Gland Volume and Prevalence of Incidental Tumors in T1-MRI
Deciphering the Effect of Different Genetic Variants on Hippocampal Subfield Volumes in the General Population.
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Lack of structural brain alterations associated with insomnia: findings from the ENIGMA-Sleep Working Group.
Better Together: Data Harmonization and Cross-Study Analysis of Abdominal MRI Data From UK Biobank and the German National Cohort.
Volume of subcortical brain regions in social anxiety disorder: mega-analytic results from 37 samples in the ENIGMA-Anxiety Working Group.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.