Baumann S	2150
Does stage tailoring matter in brief alcohol interventions for job-seekers? A randomized controlled trial.
Patterns of health risk behaviors among job-seekers: a latent class analysis.
The impact of a stage tailored intervention on alcohol use trajectories among those who do not intend to change.
Belief incongruence and the intention-behavior gap in persons with at-risk alcohol use.
The long-term effect of screening and lifestyle counseling on changes in physical activity and diet: the Inter99 Study - a randomized controlled trial.
Persönliche vs. computerbasierte Alkoholintervention für Krankenhauspatienten: Studiendesign
The long-term effect of a population-based life-style intervention on smoking and alcohol consumption. The Inter99 Study-a randomized controlled trial.
The impact of birth weight on the level of lung function and lung function decline in the general adult population. The Inter99 study.
In-person and computer-based alcohol interventions at general hospitals: reach and retention.
Who benefits from computer-based brief alcohol intervention? Day-to-day drinking patterns as a moderator of intervention efficacy.
Does impaired mental health interfere with the outcome of brief alcohol intervention at general hospitals?
Socioeconomic factors and heavy drinking over the course of the week among job seekers with at-risk alcohol use.
In-Person Alcohol Counseling Versus Computer-Generated Feedback: Results From a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Do brief alcohol interventions among unemployed at-risk drinkers increase re-employment after 15 month?
How alcohol use problem severity affects the outcome of brief intervention delivered in-person versus through computer-generated feedback letters.
Pitfalls in accelerometer-based measurement of physical activity: The presence of reactivity in an adult population.
A cross-sectional analysis of the associations between leisure-time sedentary behaviors and clustered cardiometabolic risk.
Proactive expert system intervention to prevent or quit at-risk alcohol use (PRINT): study protocol of a randomized controlled trial
Patterns of accelerometer-based sedentary behavior and their association with cardiorespiratory fitness in adults
Can brief alcohol interventions in general hospital inpatients improve mental and general health over 2 years? Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Short-term stability of different drinking patterns over the course of four weeks among adults. A latent transition analysis.
The effect of mere measurement from a cardiovascular examination program on physical activity and sedentary time in an adult population.
Does prior recall of past week alcohol use affect screening results for at-risk drinking? Findings from a randomized study.
Do accelerometer-based physical activity patterns differentially affect cardiorespiratory fitness? A growth mixture modeling approach
Measurement invariance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test: establishing its factor structure in different settings and across gender
Behavioral health risk factor profiles in general hospital patients: identifying the need for screening and brief intervention
Stability of at-risk alcohol use screening in a general population sample.
Sick days in general hospital patients two years after brief alcohol intervention: Secondary outcomes from a randomized controlled trial
Do sociodemographic variables and cardiometabolic risk factors moderate the mere-measurement effect on physical activity and sedentary time?