Daboul, Amro Amer	21766
Dental practitioner recruitment for a randomized clinical trial in the field to evaluate the performance of a new glass ionomer restoration material
Clinical performance during 48 months of two current glass ionomer restorative systems with coatings: A randomized clinical trial in the field
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Development and testing of satisfaction questionnaires for patients with removable dental prostheses.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
Procrustes-based geometric morphometrics on MRI images: An example of inter-operator bias in 3D landmarks and its impact on big datasets
New Insights in the Link Between Malocclusion and Periodontal Disease.
A deep learning framework for efficient analysis of breast volume and fibroglandular tissue using MR data with strong artifacts.
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
Are Third Molars Associated With Orofacial Pain? Findings From the SHIP Study
Association between coronal caries and malocclusion in an adult population.
Is Continuous Eruption Related to Periodontal Changes? A 16-Year Follow-up.
A deep cascaded segmentation of obstructive sleep apnea-relevant organs from sagittal spine MRI.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Socioeconomic factors do not predict sleep apnea in a population sample from Mecklenburg?Western Pomerania, Germany
Quality of Life in patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania
Do brachycephaly and nose size predict the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)? A sample-based geometric morphometric analysis of craniofacial variation in relation to OSA syndrome and the role of confounding factors.
Masticaticatory muscles characteristics in relation to adiposity and general muscular fitness: a population-based study
Menopause is associated with obstructive sleep apnea in a population-based sample from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany