Teipel S	21789
Rates of formal diagnosis in people screened positive for dementia in primary care: Results of the DelpHi-trial
Perspective on future role of biological markers in clinical therapy trials of Alzheimer's disease: A long-range point of view beyond 2020
Brain atrophy in primary progressive aphasia involves the cholinergic basal forebrain and Ayala's nucleus
Detecting the effect of Alzheimer's disease on everyday motion behavior
Antipsychotic drug treatment in ambulatory dementia care: prevalence and correlates
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in subjects screened positive for dementia in primary care
Dementia Care Management: Neue Wege in der ambulanten Demenzversorgung - ein Fallbeispiel
Rates of formal diagnosis of dementia in primary care: The effect of screening
Antidementia drug treatment in people screened positive for dementia in primary care
Subjective memory impairment: no suitable criteria for case-finding of dementia in primary care
Unmet Needs of Community-Dwelling Primary Care Patients with Dementia in Germany: Prevalence and Correlates
Burden of behavioral and psychiatric symptoms in people screened positive for dementia in primary care – results of the DelpHi-study
Association of a neurokinin 3 receptor polymorphism with the anterior basal forebrain.
Früherkennung der Demenz in der Hausarztpraxis. Subjektive Gedächtnislücken sind kein geeigneter Indikator
Multimodal imaging in Alzheimer’s disease: validity and usefulness for early detection.
Kognitive Rehabilitation bei Alzheimer-Krankheit im Frühstadium [Cognitive rehabilitation in early stage Alzheimer's disease]
Potentially inappropriate medication in community-dwelling primary care patients who were screened positive for dementia
Contribution of the Cholinergic System to Verbal Memory Performance in Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Hippocampal volume and integrity as predictors of cognitive decline in intact elderly.
Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative. Association Between Smoking and Cholinergic Basal Forebrain Volume in Healthy Aging and Prodromal and Dementia Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Measuring Cortical Connectivity in Alzheimer's Disease as a Brain Neural Network Pathology: Toward Clinical Applications.
Hippocampus Study Group.Predictors of cognitive decline and treatment response in a clinical trial on suspected prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of rivastigmine on visual attention in subjects with amnestic mild cognitive impairment: A serial functional MRI activation pilot-study.
Functional connectivity increase in the default-mode network of patients with Alzheimer's disease after long-term treatment with Galantamine.
Information and communication technology solutions for outdoor navigation in dementia.
Output order and variability in free recall are linked to cognitive ability and hippocampal volume in elderly individuals.
Spatial patterns of atrophy, hypometabolism, and amyloid deposition in Alzheimer's disease correspond to dissociable functional brain networks.
Cognitive Correlates of Basal Forebrain Atrophy and Associated Cortical Hypometabolism in Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Does posterior cingulate hypometabolism result from disconnection or local pathology across preclinical and clinical stages of Alzheimer's disease?
No Change in Executive Performance in ALS Patients: A Longitudinal Neuropsychological Study.
Evolving Evidence for the Value of Neuroimaging Methods and Biological Markers in Subjects Categorized with Subjective Cognitive Decline.
Basal Forebrain and Hippocampus as Predictors of Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment - A Multicenter DTI and Volumetry Study.
Applying Automated MR-Based Diagnostic Methods to the Memory Clinic: A Prospective Study.
The relationship between CSF tau markers, hippocampal volume and delayed primacy performance in cognitively intact elderly individuals.
Regional Pattern of Dementia and Prevalence of Hearing Impairment in Germany.
The relative importance of imaging markers for the prediction of Alzheimer's disease dementia in mild cognitive impairment - Beyond classical regression.
Apolipoprotein E-dependent load of white matter hyperintensities in Alzheimer's disease: a voxel-based lesion mapping study.
Dysexecutive functioning in ALS patients and its clinical implications.
The role of TREM2 R47H as a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease, frontotemporal lobar degeneration, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and Parkinson's disease.
Training labels for hippocampal segmentation based on the EADC-ADNI harmonized hippocampal protocol.
Cholinergic basal forebrain structure influences the reconfiguration of white matter connections to support residual memory in mild cognitive impairment.
Multimodal analysis of functional and structural disconnection in Alzheimer's disease using multiple kernel SVM.
Predicting Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease in Subjects with Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Machine Learning Classification of Multimodal Multicenter Diffusion-Tensor and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data.
The EADC-ADNI Harmonized Protocol for manual hippocampal segmentation on magnetic resonance: evidence of validity.
Structural Connectivity Changes Underlying Altered Working Memory Networks in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Three-Way Image Fusion Analysis.
Effects of task-irrelevant emotional stimuli on working memory processes in mild cognitive impairment.
Microstructural white matter changes underlying cognitive and behavioural impairment in ALS--an in vivo study using DTI.
Increased CSF APPs-? levels in patients with Alzheimer disease treated with acitretin.
Atrophy of the cholinergic basal forebrain in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease dementia.
A study on the specificity of the association between hippocampal volume and delayed primacy performance in cognitively intact elderly individuals.
[Hearing impairment and dementia].
Translation of Imaging Biomarker from Clinical Research to Health Care
Supporting family dementia caregivers: testing the efficacy of dementia care management on multifaceted caregivers’ burden
Patient Variables Associated with the Assignment of a Formal Dementia Diagnosis to Positively Screened Primary Care Patients
Potential role of neuroimaging markers for early diagnosis of dementia in primary care
Hilfe für die Früherkennung
Hippocampus and Basal Forebrain Volumetry for Dementia and Mild Cognitive Impairment Diagnosis: Could It Be Useful in Primary Care?
The Primacy Effect in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Associations with Hippocampal Functional Connectivity.
Atrophy and structural covariance of the cholinergic basal forebrain in primary progressive aphasia.
Applied multimodal diagnostics in a case of presenile dementia.
TDP-43 pathology and cognition in ALS: A prospective clinicopathologic correlation study.
Hearing Impairment Affects Dementia Incidence. An Analysis Based on Longitudinal Health Claims Data in Germany.
The ?4 genotype of apolipoprotein E and white matter integrity in Alzheimer's disease.
CSF A?1-42 combined with neuroimaging biomarkers in the early detection, diagnosis and prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
Cognitive reserve moderates the association between functional network anti-correlations and memory in MCI.
Alzheimer – Frühere Diagnose dank neue Bildgebungstechniken
PETPVE12: an SPM toolbox for Partial Volume Effects correction in brain PET - Application to amyloid imaging with AV45-PET.
Longitudinal course of cortical thickness decline in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Minor cognitive disturbances in X-linked spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy, Kennedy's disease.
Cortical thinning and its relation to cognition in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genetic interaction of PICALM and APOE is associated with brain atrophy and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease.
Cost of diagnosing dementia in a German memory clinic
Effectiveness and Safety of Dementia Care Mangament in Primary Care - A Randomized Clinical Trial
Drug-related problems in community-dwelling primary care patients screened positive for dementia.
APPswe/PS1dE9 mice with cortical amyloid pathology show a reduced NAA/Cr ratio without apparent brain atrophy: A MRS and MRI study.
Reduced basal forebrain atrophy progression in a randomized Donepezil trial in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Tau plasma levels in subjective cognitive decline: Results from the DELCODE study.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Neurogranin as a Biomarker of Neurodegenerative Diseases: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Cortical amyloid accumulation is associated with alterations of structural integrity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
Strategic roadmap for an early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease based on biomarkers.
Disrupted white matter structural networks in healthy older adult APOE ?4 carriers - An international multicenter DTI study.
Diagnostic accuracy of CSF neurofilament light chain protein in the biomarker-guided classification system for Alzheimer's disease.
Basal forebrain mediated increase in brain CRF is associated with increased cholinergic tone and depression.
Multidimensional assessment of challenging behaviors in advanced stages of dementia in nursing homes-The insideDEM framework.
Does Functional Connectivity Provide a Marker for Cognitive Rehabilitation Effects in Alzheimer's Disease? An Interventional Study.
Cognitive Rehabilitation in Alzheimer's Disease: A Controlled Intervention Trial.
White Matter Damage in the Cholinergic System Contributes to Cognitive Impairment in Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment, No Dementia.
Two-level diagnostic classification using cerebrospinal fluid YKL-40 in Alzheimer's disease.
Robust Detection of Impaired Resting State Functional Connectivity Networks in Alzheimer's Disease Using Elastic Net Regularized Regression.
Multicenter stability of resting state fMRI in the detection of Alzheimer's disease and amnestic MCI.
Hippocampal mean diffusivity for the diagnosis of dementia and mild cognitive impairment in primary care
Offene Versorgungsbedarfe pflegender Angehöriger von Menschen mit Demenz
Prevalence and determinants of agonistic autoantibodies against ?1-adrenergic receptors in patients screened positive for dementia: results from the population-based DelpHi-study
Patients with dementia in primary care: who is referred to a neurologist/psychiatrist and what patient-oriented factors are associated with the visit?
Multicenter Resting state functional connectivity in prodromal and dementia stages of Alzheimer’s disease
Cost-Effectiveness of a Collaborative Dementia Care Management – Results of a Cluster-Randomized Controlled Trial
Molecular properties underlying regional vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Mechanisms and modulators of cognitive training gain transfer in cognitively healthy aging: study protocol of the AgeGain study.
Use of nonintrusive sensor-based information and communication technology for real-world evidence for clinical trials in dementia.
Effect of Alzheimer's disease risk and protective factors on cognitive trajectories in subjective memory complainers: An INSIGHT-preAD study.
Magnetic resonance imaging-based hippocampus volume for prediction of dementia in mild cognitive impairment: Why does the measurement method matter so little?
Cholinergic forebrain density loss in Parkinson disease: More than just cognitive changes.
A language-based sum score for the course and therapeutic intervention in primary progressive aphasia.
Incremental value of biomarker combinations to predict progression of mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's dementia.
In vivo staging of regional amyloid deposition.
Early Changes in Alpha Band Power and DMN BOLD Activity in Alzheimer's Disease: A Simultaneous Resting State EEG-fMRI Study.
Situation Model for Situation-Aware Assistance of Dementia Patients in Outdoor Mobility.
No association of cortical amyloid load and EEG connectivity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
Mean diffusivity in cortical gray matter in Alzheimer's disease: The importance of partial volume correction.
In vivo cholinergic basal forebrain atrophy predicts cognitive decline in de novo Parkinson's disease.
Alzheimer's disease biomarker-guided diagnostic workflow using the added value of six combined cerebrospinal fluid candidates: A?, total-tau, phosphorylated-tau, NFL, neurogranin, and YKL-40.
Design and first baseline data of the DZNE multicenter observational study on predementia Alzheimer's disease (DELCODE).
Left frontal hub connectivity delays cognitive impairment in autosomal-dominant and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Recent advances in cholinergic imaging and cognitive decline-Revisiting the cholinergic hypothesis of dementia.
Identifying unmet needs of family dementia caregivers: Results of the baseline assessment of a cluster-randomized controlled intervention trial
Locus coeruleus MRI contrast is reduced in Alzheimer's disease dementia and correlates with CSF A? levels.
Editorial: Multimodal and Longitudinal Bioimaging Methods for Characterizing the Progressive Course of Dementia.
The effects of 7-week cognitive training in patients with vascular cognitive impairment, no dementia (the Cog-VACCINE study): A randomized controlled trial.
A Tablet App- and Sensor-Based Assistive Technology Intervention for Informal Caregivers to Manage the Challenging Behavior of People With Dementia (the insideDEM Study): Protocol for a Feasibility Study.
Applicability of in vivo staging of regional amyloid burden in a cognitively normal cohort with subjective memory complaints: the INSIGHT-preAD study.
Prevalence of abnormal Alzheimer's disease biomarkers in patients with subjective cognitive decline: cross-sectional comparison of three European memory clinic samples.
CSF total tau levels are associated with hippocampal novelty irrespective of hippocampal volume.
Subregional volume reduction of the cholinergic forebrain in subjective cognitive decline (SCD).
Relationship between Basal Forebrain Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Brain Amyloid-? Deposition in Cognitively Intact Older Adults with Subjective Memory Complaints.
[F]-florbetaben PET/CT Imaging in the Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model APPswe/PS1dE9.
Smaller medial temporal lobe volumes in individuals with subjective cognitive decline and biomarker evidence of Alzheimer's disease-Data from three memory clinic studies.
The corticotopic organization of the human basal forebrain as revealed by regionally selective functional connectivity profiles.
Serum neurofilament light chain in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Sex differences in functional and molecular neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in cognitively normal older adults with subjective memory complaints.
Basal Forebrain Volume, but Not Hippocampal Volume, Is a Predictor of Global Cognitive Decline in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease Treated With Cholinesterase Inhibitors.
Is the left uncinate fasciculus associated with verbal fluency decline in mild Alzheimer's disease?
Hippocampus and basal forebrain volumes modulate effects of anticholinergic treatment on delayed recall in healthy older adults.
FDG-PET underscores the key role of the thalamus in frontotemporal lobar degeneration caused by C9ORF72 mutations.
The Road Ahead to Cure Alzheimer's Disease: Development of Biological Markers and Neuroimaging Methods for Prevention Trials Across all Stages and Target Populations.
Diffusion tensor imaging in Alzheimer's disease and affective disorders.
Cognitive Rehabilitation in Alzheimer's Disease - A Conceptual and Methodological Review.
What electrophysiology tells us about Alzheimer's disease: a window into the synchronization and connectivity of brain neurons.
Real-Time Detection of Spatial Disorientation in Persons with Mild Cognitive Impairment and Dementia.
Resting-state posterior alpha rhythms are abnormal in subjective memory complaint seniors with preclinical Alzheimer's neuropathology and high education level: the INSIGHT-preAD study.
Cholinergic white matter pathways make a stronger contribution to attention and memory in normal aging than cerebrovascular health and nucleus basalis of Meynert.
Why do family dementia caregivers reject caregiver support services? Analyzing types of rejection and associated health-impairments in a cluster-randomized controlled intervention trial.
Cognitive Reserve Is Not Associated With Hippocampal Microstructure in Older Adults Without Dementia.
Automated sensor-based detection of challenging behaviors in advanced stages of dementia in nursing homes.
In vivo staging of regional amyloid deposition predicts functional conversion in the preclinical and prodromal phases of Alzheimer's disease.
Mirror Movements in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Combined Study Using Diffusion Tensor Imaging and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
Plasma tau correlates with basal forebrain atrophy rates in people at risk for Alzheimer disease.
The cholinergic system in subtypes of Alzheimer's disease: an in vivo longitudinal MRI study.
Bupropion for the Treatment of Apathy in Alzheimer Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Gaussian Graphical Models Reveal Inter-Modal and Inter-Regional Conditional Dependencies of Brain Alterations in Alzheimer's Disease.
Association of a CAMK2A genetic variant with logical memory performance and hippocampal volume in the elderly.
Multicenter Tract-Based Analysis of Microstructural Lesions within the Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum: Association with Amyloid Pathology and Diagnostic Usefulness.
Biomarker-guided clustering of Alzheimer's disease clinical syndromes.
Higher CSF Tau Levels Are Related to Hippocampal Hyperactivity and Object Mnemonic Discrimination in Older Adults.
Memorability of photographs in subjective cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment: Implications for cognitive assessment.
Which features of subjective cognitive decline are related to amyloid pathology? Findings from the DELCODE study.
Structural integrity in subjective cognitive decline, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease based on multicenter diffusion tensor imaging.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in at-risk groups for AD dementia and their association with worry and AD biomarkers-results from the DELCODE study.
Effect of Spatial Disorientation in a Virtual Environment on Gait and Vital Features in Patients with Dementia: Pilot Single-Blind Randomized Control Trial.
Longitudinal [F]FDG-PET/CT analysis of the glucose metabolism in ApoE-deficient mice.
Small vessel disease more than Alzheimer's disease determines diffusion MRI alterations in memory clinic patients.
Minor neuropsychological deficits in patients with subjective cognitive decline.
Neuropathologic features associated with basal forebrain atrophy in Alzheimer disease.
Identification of a Cascade of Changes in Activities of Daily Living Preceding Short-Term Clinical Deterioration in Mild Alzheimer's Disease Dementia via Lead-Lag Analysis.
Effectiveness of a digitally supported care management programme to reduce unmet needs of family caregivers of people with dementia: study protocol for a cluster randomised controlled trial (GAIN)
An algorithm for actigraphy-based sleep/wake scoring: Comparison with polysomnography.
Outcomes of clinical utility in amyloid-PET studies: state of art and future perspectives.
EEG measures for clinical research in major vascular cognitive impairment: recommendations by an expert panel.
Measures of resting state EEG rhythms for clinical trials in Alzheimer's disease: Recommendations of an expert panel.
Neuronal Hyperexcitability in APPSWE/PS1dE9 Mouse Models of Alzheimer's Disease.
Data-driven FDG-PET subtypes of Alzheimer's disease-related neurodegeneration.
Association of TDP-43 Pathology with Global and Regional 18F-Florbetapir PET Signal in the Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum.
Abnormal Regional and Global Connectivity Measures in Subjective Cognitive Decline Depending on Cerebral Amyloid Status.
Cognitive reserve and regional brain volume in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
MiRNA-15b and miRNA-125b are associated with regional A?-PET and FDG-PET uptake in cognitively normal individuals with subjective memory complaints.
Hippocampal and Hippocampal-Subfield Volumes From Early-Onset Major Depression and Bipolar Disorder to Cognitive Decline.
Mediterranean Diet, Alzheimer Disease Biomarkers and Brain Atrophy in Old Age.
Plasma ?-secretase1 concentrations correlate with basal forebrain atrophy and neurodegeneration in cognitively healthy individuals at risk for AD.
Structural MRI of the basal forebrain as predictor of cognitive response to galantamine in healthy older adults-A randomized controlled double-blinded crossover study.
Harmonizing neuropsychological assessment for mild neurocognitive disorders in Europe.
Types of leisure time physical activities (LTPA) of community-dwelling persons who have been screened positive for dementia.
[LATE: not every dementia is Alzheimer's disease-Discussion of a new disease entity based on a case example : Current status of limbic-predominant age-related TDP-43 encephalopathy (LATE)].
Stakeholder involvement in dementia research: A qualitative approach with healthy senior citizens and providers of dementia care in Germany.
Association between composite scores of domain-specific cognitive functions and regional patterns of atrophy and functional connectivity in the Alzheimer's disease spectrum.
Association of PET-based stages of amyloid deposition with neuropathological markers of A? pathology.
Longitudinal validity of PET-based staging of regional amyloid deposition.
The Impact of Age on the Association Between Physical Activity and White Matter Integrity in Cognitively Healthy Older Adults.
Dietary patterns are related to cognitive functioning in elderly enriched with individuals at increased risk for Alzheimer's disease.
The BDNF SNP modulates the association between beta-amyloid and hippocampal disconnection in Alzheimer's disease.
[Feasibility and effects of a psychotherapeutic group intervention for caregiving relatives of people with dementia].
Comparison of Different Hypotheses Regarding the Spread of Alzheimer's Disease Using Markov Random Fields and Multimodal Imaging.
Parallel Atrophy of Cortex and Basal Forebrain Cholinergic System in Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Impact of Low-value Medications on Quality of Life, Hospitalization and Costs – A Longitudinal Analysis of Patients Living with Dementia
Design and implementation of the participatory German network for translational dementia care research (TaNDem): A mixed-method study on the perspectives of healthcare providers and dementia researchers in dementia care research