Merk H	2226
Clinical validity of the nerve root sedimentation sign in patients with suspected lumbar spinal stenosis.
Inzidenz und Therapiedauer pathologischer Hüftbefunde im Rahmen der U2- und U3-Untersuchung (SNiP Studie)
Operation of Lumbar Zygoapophyseal Joint Cysts Using a Full-Endoscopic Interlaminar and Transforaminal Approach: Prospective 2-Year Results of 74 Patients.
An economic analysis of aseptic revision hip arthroplasty: Calculation of partial hospital costs in relation to reimbursement
Correlation between 3D microstructural and 2D histomorphometric properties of subchondral bone with healthy and degenerative cartilage of the knee joint.
Comparison of Health Care Costs Between Aseptic and Two Stage Septic Hip Revision.
A conceptual model of compensation/decompensation in lumbar segmental instability.
Minimalinvasive Therapie der Tumoren und Metastasen der Wirbelsäule durch Plasmafeldtherapie (Cavity Coblation) und Vertebro-/Kyphoplastie mit und ohne zusätzliche dorsale perkutane Instrumentation
Importance of work-life balance among German medical students who wish to become gynecologists.
An economoc analysis of aseptic revision hip arthroplasty: Calculation of partial hospital costs in relation to reimbursement.
Re: Surgical subinternships: bridging the chiasm between medical school and residency.
Re: Web Initiative for Surgical Education of Medical Doctors usage among millennial medical students.
Nursing Practicum in Gynaecology and Obstetrics – Early Influence Possibilities for a Specialty
C1-C2 Instrumentation According to Harms/Goel in Case of Vertebral Artery below the Arch of C1. A Case Report.
A New Electromagnetic Navigation System for Pedicle Screws Placement: A Human Cadaver Study at the Lumbar Spine.
Navigation of pedicle screws in the thoracic spine with a new electromagnetic navigation system: a human cadaver study.
Bilateral spinal decompression of lumbar central stenosis with the full-endoscopic interlaminar versus microsurgical laminotomy technique: a prospective, randomized, controlled study.
[Tumours and metastases of the spine : cavity/coblation surgery and vertebroplasty/kyphoplasty].
[Physician Shortage: How to Prevent Generation Y From Staying Away - Results of a Nationwide Survey].
[Stress and job satisfaction of future colleagues in anesthesiology].
Fracture care using percutaneously applied titanium mesh cages (OsseoFix®) for unstable osteoporotic thoracolumbar burst fractures is able to reduce cement-associated complications-results after 12 months.
Resection of a Hemivertebra Within the Craniocervical Junction.
Generation Y: Leistungsbereit bei geregelter Arbeitszeit
Lapidusarthrodese mittels plantarer Platte
Was können wir von 146 PJ-lern aus O&U lernen?
Psychiatrisches Pflegepraktikum und die Förderung des fachspezifischen Ausbildungsinteresses
[Important Aspects of Diagnosis and Minimally Invasive Treatment of Metastases in the Spine Through the Plasma Field Therapy (Cavity Coblation Method)].
Minimally invasive surgical treatment of tumors and metastases of the spine by plasma field therapy (Cavity-Coblation method)
[Who Stays Loyal to Orthopaedics and Trauma Surgery? Results of a Nationwide Survey].
Kann ein Biofeedback-assoziierter Haltungstrainer Rückenschmerzen bei sitzend stark belasteten Patienten bessern? - eine Studie zu den therapeutischen Effekten im betrieblichen Gesundheitsmanagement am Arbeitsplatz
Re: Milestones for Internal Medicine Sub-interns
[Correction: Important Aspects of Diagnosis and Minimally Invasive Treatment of Metastases in the Spine Through the Plasma Field Therapy (Cavity Coblation Method)].
Treatment of tumors and metastases of the spine by minimally invasive Cavity-Coblation method (plasma field therapy).
Treatment of tumors and metastases of the spine by minimally invasive Cavity-Coblation method (plasma field therapy).
Good short- to medium-term results after osteochondral autograft transplantation (OAT) in middle-aged patients with focal, non-traumatic osteochondral lesions of the knee.
Comparative Analysis of Direct Hospital Care Costs between Aseptic and Two-Stage Septic Knee Revision.
Reversibility of nerve root sedimentation sign in lumbar spinal stenosis patients after decompression surgery.
Surgical treatment of tumours and metastases of the spine by minimally invasive cavity-coblation method.
Regional differences of tibial and femoral cartilage in the chondrocyte gene expression, immunhistochemistry and composite in different stages of osteoarthritis.
[Nursing Internship Internal Medicine: Evaluation and Influences on the Attitude towards the Specialization].
Successful Sub-Internships Promote Internal Medicine Career Choice.
Treatment of tumors and metastases of the spine by minimally invasive CAVITY-coblation method (plasma field therapy).
Young Academics in Neuropsychological Disciplines: Factors Affecting Career Aspiration in Psychiatry, Neurology and Psychosomatic Medicine
[Young Academics in Neuropsychological Disciplines: Factors Affecting Career Aspiration in Psychiatry, Neurology and Psychosomatic Medicine].