Völker, Uwe	2234
A genome-wide association study identifies 6p21 as novel risk locus for dilated cardiomyopathy.
Labeling of the pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus with gold or ferric oxide-core nanoparticles highlights new capabilities for investigation of host-pathogen interactions.
Proteomic identification of potential prognostic biomarkers in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Antibodies against potassium channel interacting protein 2 induce necrosis in isolated rat cardiomyocytes
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Repeating structures of the major staphylococcal autolysin are essential for the interaction with human thrombospondin 1 and vitronectin.
Kidney Protein profiling of Wilms´ tumor patients by analysis of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
A Novel Artificial MicroRNA Expressing AAV Vector for Phospholamban Silencing in Cardiomyocytes Improves Ca2+ Uptake into the Sarcoplasmic Reticulum.
Adaptation of Bacillus subtilis carbon core metabolism to simultaneous nutrient limitation and osmotic challenge: a multi-omics perspective.
Activation of the alternative sigma factor SigB of Staphylococcus aureus following internalization by epithelial cells - an in vivo proteomics perspective.
Proteome Changes in Platelets After Pathogen Inactivation-An Interlaboratory Consensus.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Proteome analysis of heart biopsies using a TRIzol-based protein extraction.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Comparative evaluation of peptide desalting methods for salivary proteome analysis.
Incidence of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality predicted by symmetric dimethylarginine in the population-based study of health in pomerania
Novel genetic markers associate with atrial fibrillation risk in Europeans and Japanese.
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Gene-age interactions in blood pressure regulation: a large-scale investigation with the CHARGE, Global BPgen, and ICBP Consortia.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Effects of long-term averaging of quantitative blood pressure traits on the detection of genetic associations.
Genetic association study of QT interval highlights role for calcium signaling pathways in myocardial repolarization.
Altered immune proteome of Staphylococcus aureus under iron-restricted growth conditions.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Genome-wide association study of kidney function decline in individuals of European descent.
A global proteome approach in uric acid stimulated human aortic endothelial cells revealed regulation of multiple major cellular pathways
A novel engineering tool in the Bacillus subtilis toolbox: inducer-free activation of gene expression by selection-driven promoter decryptification.
Deletion of membrane-associated Asp23 leads to upregulation of cell wall stress genes in Staphylococcus aureus.
A time resolved metabolomics study: the influence of different carbon sources during growth and starvation of Bacillus subtilis.
Fluvastatin mediated breast cancer cell death: a proteomic approach to identify differentially regulated proteins in MDA-MB-231 cells.
Using a Label Free Quantitative Proteomics Approach to Identify Changes in Protein Abundance in Multidrug-Resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Brain derived neurotrophic factor contributes to the cardiogenic potential of adult resident progenitor cells in failing murine heart
The other side of the RAAS - Aldosterone improves migration of cardiac progenitor cells
A meta-analysis of gene expression signatures of blood pressure and hypertension.
Sigma Factor SigB Is Crucial to Mediate Staphylococcus aureus Adaptation during Chronic Infections
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Rare and low-frequency variants and their association with plasma levels of fibrinogen, FVII, FVIII, and vWF.
Cell Specific eQTL Analysis without Sorting Cells.
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
A peptide resource for the analysis of Staphylococcus aureus in host-pathogen interaction studies.
Differences in the whole saliva baseline proteome profile associatedwith development of oral mucositis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy
Evidence for synergistic control of glutamate biosynthesis by glutamate dehydrogenases and glutamate in Bacillus subtilis.
Small regulatory RNA-induced growth rate heterogeneity of Bacillus subtilis.
Shotgun proteome analysis of Bordetella pertussis reveals a distinct influence of iron availability on the bacterial metabolism, virulence, and defense response
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Associations of circulating plasma microRNAs with age, body mass index and sex in a population-based study.
Effect of Experimental Thyrotoxicosis onto Blood Coagulation: A Proteomics Study
Proteomic Changes of Tissue-Tolerable Plasma Treated Airway Epithelial Cells and Their Relation to Wound Healing
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
Thyrotropin serum levels are differentially associated with biochemical markers of bone turnover and stiffness in women and men: results from the SHIP cohorts.
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Urine Metabolomics by (1)H-NMR Spectroscopy Indicates Associations between Serum 3,5-T2 Concentrations and Intermediary Metabolism in Euthyroid Humans.
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Distinct urinary metabolic profiles associated with serum TSH and FT4 concentrations
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
ICU patients generate a pathogen-specific humoral immune response during sepsis
Specific serum IgG at diagnosis of Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream invasion is correlated with disease progression.
Proteome profiles of HDL particles of patients with chronic heart failure are associated with immune response and also include bacteria proteins
Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
A meta-analysis of 120 246 individuals identifies 18 new loci for fibrinogen concentration.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
Staphylococcus aureus Transcriptome Architecture: From Laboratory to Infection-Mimicking Conditions.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Incident Myocardial Infarction and Coronary Heart Disease in Prospective Cohort Studies: The CHARGE Consortium.
Proteomic profile of platelets during reconstitution of platelet counts after apheresis.
Utilising the EGFR interactome to identify mechanisms of drug resistance in non-small cell lung cancer - Proof of concept towards a systems pharmacology approach.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals.
Staphylococcal serine protease-like proteins are pacemakers of allergic airway reactions to Staphylococcus aureus.
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
3,5-T2 alters murine genes relevant for xenobiotic, steroid, and thyroid hormone metabolism.
Proteome analysis of Bordetella pertussis isolated from human macrophages.
Four Susceptibility Loci for Gallstone Disease Identified in a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Alternative fluorescent labeling strategies for characterizing gram-positive pathogenic bacteria: Flow cytometry supported counting, sorting, and proteome analysis of Staphylococcus aureus retrieved from infected host cells.
A Whole-Blood Transcriptome Meta-Analysis Identifies Gene Expression Signatures of Cigarette Smoking.
A reference panel of 64,976 haplotypes for genotype imputation.
PROGRESS - prospective observational study on hospitalized community acquired pneumonia.
Proteome data of whole saliva which are associated with development of oral mucositis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy.
Correction: The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Costs of life - Dynamics of the protein inventory of Staphylococcus aureus during anaerobiosis.
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Global analysis of the impact of linezolid onto virulence factor production in S. aureus USA300.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
The inverse link between genetic risk for schizophrenia and migraine through NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor activation via D-serine.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Metabolic Fingerprints of Circulating IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 Ratio: A Multifluid Metabolomics Study.
Multiethnic Exome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis.
PCSK9 genetic variants and risk of type 2 diabetes: a mendelian randomisation study.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
A Novel Assay to Assess the Effect of Pharmaceutical Compounds on the Differentiation of Podocytes.
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
Proteome data from a host-pathogen interaction study with Staphylococcus aureus and human lung epithelial cells.
Pathophysiological aldosterone levels modify the secretory activity of cardiac progenitor cells.
A principal component meta-analysis on multiple anthropometric traits identifies novel loci for body shape
52 Genetic Loci Influencing Myocardial Mass.
Profiling and validation of circulating microRNAs for cardiovascular events in patients presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Large-scale reduction of the Bacillus subtilis genome: Consequences for the transcriptional network, resource allocation, and metabolism.
Blood RNA expression profiles undergo major changes during the seventh decade.
Adaptive immune response to lipoproteins of Staphylococcus aureus in healthy subjects.
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Post-invasion events after infection with Staphylococcus aureus are strongly dependent on both the host cell type and the infecting S. aureus strain.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
Comparison of HapMap and 1000 Genomes Reference Panels in a Large-Scale Genome-Wide Association Study.
Discovery of novel heart rate-associated loci using the Exome Chip.
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Improved risk stratification in prevention by use of a panel of selected circulating microRNAs
Fifteen Genetic Loci Associated with the Electrocardiographic P-wave
Investigating the causal effect of smoking on hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis in the CARTA consortium.
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
Signatures of cytoplasmic proteins in the exoproteome distinguish community- and hospital-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus USA300 lineages.
Predicting brain structure in population-based samples with biologically informed genetic scores for schizophrenia.
Impact of blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk.
Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
Characterization of the Genetic Program Linked to the Development of Atrial Fibrillation in CREM-Ib?C-X Mice.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
NFAT5 and SLC4A10 Loci Associate with Plasma Osmolality.
Genome-wide association and targeted analysis of copy number variants with psoriatic arthritis in German patients.
Estimating the causal effect of body mass index on hay fever, asthma and lung function using Mendelian randomization.
Novel Blood Pressure Locus and Gene Discovery Using Genome-Wide Association Study and Expression Data Sets From Blood and the Kidney.
Stability of Proteins Out of Service: the GapB Case of Bacillus subtilis.
Synthesis of the compatible solute proline by Bacillus subtilis: point mutations rendering the osmotically controlled proHJ promoter hyperactive.
Data on the impact of the blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
Dynamic adaptation of myocardial proteome during heart failure development.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Genetic Interactions with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, and Hypertension in Relation to Atrial Fibrillation: The AFGen Consortium.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Staphylococcus aureus controls interleukin-5 release in upper airway inflammation
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
Plasma protein profiling of patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas as potential precursor lesions of pancreatic cancer.
The N-terminal CCHC zinc finger motif mediates homodimerization of the transcription factor BCL11B.
Cellular concentrations of the transporters DctA, DcuB, and the sensor DcuS of Escherichia coli and the contributions of free and complexed DcuS to transcriptional regulation by DcuR.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
Changes of DNA topology affect the global transcription landscape and allow rapid growth of a Bacillus subtilis lacking carbon catabolite repression.
Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Associations of genetic determinants of serum vitamin B12 and folate concentrations with hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
Erratum: Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Publisher Correction: Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Comprehensive Metabolic Profiling Reveals a Lipid-rich Fingerprint of Free Thyroxine Far Beyond Classical Parameters.
Comparative analysis of Salivette® and paraffin gum preparations for establishment of a metaproteomics analysis pipeline for stimulated human saliva.
From the genome sequence via the proteome to cell physiology - Pathoproteomics and pathophysiology of Staphylococcus aureus.
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Common and Rare Coding Genetic Variation Underlying the Electrocardiographic PR Interval.
The quest for bacterial allergens.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Intergration of "Omics" Techniques: Dronedarone Affects Cardiac Remodeling in the Infarction Border Zone.
Pneumococcal Metabolic Adaptation and Colonization Are Regulated by the Two-Component Regulatory System 08.
Analysis of Staphylococcus aureus proteins secreted inside infected human epithelial cells.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
PR interval genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies 50 loci associated with atrial and atrioventricular electrical activity.
Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Inhibition of Rho Activity Increases Expression of SaeRS-Dependent Virulence Factor Genes in Staphylococcus aureus, Showing a Link between Transcription Termination, Antibiotic Action, and Virulence.
Metabolic niche adaptation of community- and hospital-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Global secretome analysis of resident cardiac progenitor cells from wild type and transgenic heart failure mice: why ambience matters
Association of alcohol consumption with allergic disease and asthma: a multi-centre Mendelian randomization analysis.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Circulating proteomic patterns in AF related left atrial remodeling indicate involvement of coagulation and complement cascade.
Biallelic CCM3 mutations cause a clonogenic survival advantage and endothelial cell stiffening
GWAS and colocalization analyses implicate carotid intima-media thickness and carotid plaque loci in cardiovascular outcomes.
Publisher Correction: Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Common Genetic Variation in Relation to Brachial Vascular Dimensions and Flow-Mediated Vasodilation
Neandertal Introgression Sheds Light on Modern Human Endocranial Globularity
Regulation of biofilm aging and dispersal in  by the alternative sigma factor SigB.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
Genomics of 1 million parent lifespans implicates novel pathways and common diseases and distinguishes survival chances.
Two Functionally Deviating Type 6 Secretion Systems Occur in the Nitrogen-Fixing Endophyte  BH72.
Variants in ABCG8 and TRAF3 genes confer risk for gallstone disease in admixed Latinos with Mapuche Native American ancestry.
Sex-specific differences in the intracellular proteome of human endothelial cells from dizygotic twins.
Sequential organ failure assessment score is an excellent operationalization of disease severity of adult patients with hospitalized community acquired pneumonia - results from the prospective observational PROGRESS study.
HDAC (Histone Deacetylase) Inhibitor Valproic Acid Attenuates Atrial Remodeling and Delays the Onset of Atrial Fibrillation in Mice.
Metabolic Cross-talk Between Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Internalized  as a Driver for Infection.
Genetic and lifestyle risk factors for MRI-defined brain infarcts in a population-based setting
A catalog of genetic loci associated with kidney function from analyses of a million individuals.
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
In vivo proteomics identifies the competence regulon and AliB oligopeptide transporter as pathogenic factors in pneumococcal meningitis.
Shotgun proteomic analysis of Bordetella parapertussis provides insights into the physiological response to iron starvation and potential new virulence determinants absent in Bordetella pertussis.
Genome-wide analysis of dental caries and periodontitis combining clinical and self-reported data.
Global plasma protein profiling reveals DCM characteristic protein signatures.
Metaproteomics analysis of microbial diversity of human saliva and tongue dorsum in young healthy individuals.
Copy number variants in lipid metabolism genes are associated with gallstones disease in men.
Association of childhood traumatization and neuropsychiatric outcomes with altered plasma micro RNA-levels.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
A thyroid hormone-independent molecular fingerprint of 3,5-diiodothyronine suggests a strong relation with coffee metabolism in humans.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
Fumarate dependent protein composition under aerobic and anaerobic growth conditions in Escherichia coli.
Hfq modulates global protein pattern and stress response in Bordetella pertussis.
Improving Proteome Coverage for Small Sample Amounts: An Advanced Method for Proteomics Approaches with Low Bacterial Cell Numbers.
KCND3 potassium channel gene variant confers susceptibility to electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Phenome-wide association analysis of LDL-cholesterol lowering genetic variants in PCSK9.
Technical report: xMAPr - High-dynamic-range (HDR) quantification of antigen-specific antibody binding.
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
Biologics Production: Impact of Degrading or Modifying Impurities Resulting from Microbial Contaminations of Non-Sterile Process Intermediates on Product Quality
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Thyroid Related Quality of Life in Elderly with Subclinical Hypothyroidism and Improvement on Levothyroxine is Distinct from that in Young Patients (TSAGE).
Arsenic and Gallbladder Cancer Risk: Mendelian Randomization Analysis of European Prospective Data.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Proteomic and Transcriptomic Changes in Hibernating Grizzly Bears Reveal Metabolic and Signaling Pathways that Protect against Muscle Atrophy.
Association of proteome and metabolome signatures with severity in patients with community-acquired pneumonia.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation analysis provide insights into the pathogenesis of heart failure.
Genome-wide scan identifies novel genetic loci regulating salivary metabolite levels.
Associations between adipose tissue volume and small molecules in plasma and urine among asymptomatic subjects from the general population.
Genetic studies of urinary metabolites illuminate mechanisms of detoxification and excretion in humans.
Early-Stage  Bloodstream Infection Causes Changes in the Concentrations of Lipoproteins and Acute-Phase Proteins and Is Associated with Low Antibody Titers against Bacterial Virulence Factors.
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Analyses of competent and non-competent subpopulations of Bacillus subtilis reveal yhfW, yhxC and ncRNAs as novel players in competence.
Management of Osmoprotectant Uptake Hierarchy in Bacillus subtilis via a SigB-Dependent Antisense RNA
A MicroRNA Network Controls  Replication in Human Macrophages via LGALS8 and MX1.
CD5L constitutes a novel biomarker for integrated hepatic thyroid hormone action.
Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
ABCB1/4 gallbladder cancer risk variants identified in India also show strong effects in Chileans.
Multi-ancestry GWAS of the electrocardiographic PR interval identifies 202 loci underlying cardiac conduction.
Adenosine Triphosphate Neutralizes Pneumolysin-induced Neutrophil Activation.
Impact of high salinity and the compatible solute glycine betaine on gene expression of Bacillus subtilis.
S. aureus alpha-toxin monomer binding and heptamer formation in host cell membranes - Do they determine sensitivity of airway epithelial cells toward the toxin?
Screening for New Markers to Assess Thyroid Hormone Action by OMICs Analysis of Human Samples.
Interaction of  and Host Cells upon Infection of Bronchial Epithelium during Different Stages of Regeneration.
The Polygenic and Monogenic Basis of Blood Traits and Diseases.
Gallstones, Body Mass Index, C-reactive Protein and Gallbladder Cancer - Mendelian Randomization Analysis of Chilean and European Genotype Data.
Trans-ethnic and Ancestry-Specific Blood-Cell Genetics in 746,667 Individuals from 5 Global Populations.
Impact of Storage Conditions on the Breast Milk Peptidome.
Genetic Determinants of Electrocardiographic P-wave Duration and Relation to Atrial Fibrillation.
The Membrane Transporter OAT7 (SLC22A9) Is Not a Susceptibility Factor for Osteoporosis in Europeans
Genetic correlations and genome-wide associations of cortical structure in general population samples of 22,824 adults.
The Involvement of the McsB Arginine Kinase in Clp-Dependent Degradation of the MgsR Regulator in .
Exploring metal availability in the natural niche of Streptococcus pneumoniae to discover potential vaccine antigens
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Meta-analysis uncovers genome-wide significant variants for rapid kidney function decline.
Genetic loci associated with prevalent and incident myocardial infarction and coronary heart disease in the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) Consortium.
Double trouble: Bacillus depends on a functional Tat machinery to avoid severe oxidative stress and starvation upon entry into a NaCl-depleted environment.
Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Cerebral small vessel disease genomics and its implications across the lifespan.
The genetics of circulating BDNF: towards understanding the role of BDNF in brain structure and function in middle and old ages.
Bacterial symbiont subpopulations have different roles in a deep-sea symbiosis
Nup133 and ER? mediate the differential effects of hyperoxia-induced damage in male and female OPCs.
Complete Genome Sequences of Streptococcus suis Pig-Pathogenic Strains 10, 13-00283-02, and 16085/3b.
The Thyroid Hormone Transporter Mct8 Restricts Cathepsin-Mediated Thyroglobulin Processing in Male Mice through Thyroid Auto-Regulatory Mechanisms That Encompass Autophagy.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
The Cardiac Fibroblast in heart failure – an inflammatory cell
Essentiality of c-di-AMP in Bacillus subtilis: Bypassing mutations converge in potassium and glutamate homeostasis.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Circulating Interleukin 6 Levels Identifies Novel Loci.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of muscle weakness identifies 15 susceptibility loci in older men and women.
Major Determinants of Airway Epithelial Cell Sensitivity to S. aureus Alpha?Toxin: Disposal of Toxin Heptamers by Extracellular Vesicle Formation and Lysosomal Degradation
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Energy Metabolites as Biomarkers in Ischemic and Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
Genome-wide association analysis in dilated cardiomyopathy reveals two new players in systolic heart failure on chromosomes 3p25.1 and 22q11.23.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Comparative analysis of the effects of long term 3,5-T2 treatment on the murine hepatic proteome and transcriptome under conditions of normal diet and high fat diet.
splice-aware RNA-Seq data simulation.
Sputum Proteome Signatures of Mechanically Ventilated Intensive Care Unit Patients Distinguish Samples with or without Anti-pneumococcal Activity.
The association between genetically determined ABO blood types and major depressive disorder.
The genetic predisposition to longevity acts through behavioral phenotypes in females.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Genetic factors influencing a neurobiological substrate for psychiatric disorders.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-sleep interactions identify novel loci for blood pressure.
Association between different dimensions of childhood traumatization and plasma micro-RNA levels in a clinical psychiatric sample
Sex-Dependent Shared and Nonshared Genetic Architecture Across Mood and Psychotic Disorders.
Fetal Zone Steroids and Estrogen Show Sex Specific Effects on Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells in Response to Oxidative Damage.
Unchaining mini Bacillus PG10: relief of FlgM-mediated repression of autolysin genes
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Bottom-Up Community Proteome Analysis of Saliva Samples and Tongue Swabs by Data-Dependent Acquisition Nano LC-MS/MS Mass Spectrometry.
Immunogenicity and protective efficacy of a Streptococcus suis vaccine composed of six conserved immunogens.
Extracellular Vesicle Separation Techniques Impact Results from Human Blood Samples: Considerations for Diagnostic Applications
The genomics of heart failure: design and rationale of the HERMES consortium.
Large-scale cis- and trans-eQTL analyses identify thousands of genetic loci and polygenic scores that regulate blood gene expression.
Host-pathogen interactions of clinical S. aureus isolates to induce infective endocarditis
Differentially expressed genes reflect disease-induced rather than disease-causing changes in the transcriptome.
The Bacillus subtilis  Minimal Genome Compendium.
Investigation of the interplay between circulating lipids and IGF-I and relevance to breast cancer risk: an observational and Mendelian randomization study.
The protease SplB of Staphylococcus aureus targets host complement components and inhibits complement-mediated bacterial opsonophagocytosis.
Validating biomarkers and models for epigenetic inference of alcohol consumption from blood.
Genetic insights into biological mechanisms governing human ovarian ageing.
Cytokine-Mediated Alterations of Human Cardiac Fibroblast’s Secretome
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Epigenome-wide association study of serum urate reveals insights into urate co-regulation and the SLC2A9 locus.
Differences in Cell-Intrinsic Inflammatory Programs of Yolk Sac and Bone Marrow Macrophages
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Tissue-specific multi-omics analysis of atrial fibrillation.
sPLINK: a hybrid federated tool as a robust alternative to meta-analysis in genome-wide association studies.
Gene-mapping study of extremes of cerebral small vessel disease reveals TRIM47 as a strong candidate.
Plasma circulating micro-RNAs associated with alexithymia reflect a high overlap on neuropsychiatric outcomes.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Serum starvation induces sexual dimorphisms in secreted proteins of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from twin pairs.
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Comparative proteome analysis of the tegument of male and female adult Schistosoma mansoni.
Course of disease and risk factors for hospitalization in outpatients with a SARS?CoV?2 infection
Resting heart rate and incident atrial fibrillation: A stratified Mendelian randomization in the AFGen consortium.
Overexpression of Renin-B Induces Warburg-like Effects That Are Associated with Increased AKT/mTOR Signaling.
Fetal Zone Steroids Show Discrete Effects on Hyperoxia-Induced Attenuation of Migration in Cultured Oligodendrocyte Progenitor Cells.
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Differential and shared genetic effects on kidney function between diabetic and non-diabetic individuals.
Genetic loci and prioritization of genes for kidney function decline derived from a meta-analysis of 62 longitudinal genome-wide association studies.
Riociguat attenuates left ventricular proteome and microRNA profile changes after experimental aortic stenosis in mice.
The Vibrio vulnificus stressosome is an oxygen-sensor involved in regulating iron metabolism.
Genetic and clinical determinants of abdominal aortic diameter: genome-wide association studies, exome array data and Mendelian randomization study.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
Genome-wide associations of aortic distensibility suggest causality for aortic aneurysms and brain white matter hyperintensities.
Bordetella pertussis outer membrane vesicles as virulence factor vehicles that influence bacterial interaction with macrophages.
Limited evidence for blood eQTLs in human sexual dimorphism.
Genome-wide meta-analyses reveal novel loci for verbal short-term memory and learning.
ACTN2 Mutant Causes Proteopathy in Human iPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Lack of L-type amino acid transporter 2 in murine thyroid tissue induces autophagy.
Genome-wide association analyses of physical activity and sedentary behavior provide insights into underlying mechanisms and roles in disease prevention.
A saturated map of common genetic variants associated with human height.
Immunoproteasomes control activation of innate immune signaling and microglial function.
Impact of different oral treatments on the composition of the supragingival plaque microbiome.
Screening for eukaryotic motifs in  Legionella pneumoniae reveals Smh1 as bacterial deacetylase of host histones.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
APOE ?4 in Depression-Associated Memory Impairment-Evidence from Genetic and MicroRNA Analyses.
BCL11B depletion induces the development of highly cytotoxic innate T cells out of IL-15 stimulated peripheral blood ?? CD8+ T cells
tRNA-like Transcripts from the  Genomic Region Critically Influence Human Innate Immunity and Macrophage Functions.
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
The interplay between micro RNAs and genetic liability to Alzheimer's Disease on memory trajectories in the general population.
Federated Machine Learning, Privacy-Enhancing Technologies, and Data Protection Laws in Medical Research: Scoping Review.
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease.
PSMC3 proteasome subunit variants are associated with neurodevelopmental delay and type I interferon production.
Alternative splicing analysis benchmark with DICAST.
Escherichia coli SPFH membrane microdomain proteins HflKC contribute to aminoglycoside and oxidative stress tolerance
SigB modulates expression of novel SigB regulon members via Bc1009 in non-stressed and heat-stressed cells revealing its alternative roles in Bacillus cereus.