Dombrowski, Frank Stephan	2248
EEF1A2 inactivates p53 via PI3K/AKT/mTOR-dependent stabilization of MDM4 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Fulminante Pneumokokkensepsis nach Splenektomie
4EBP1/eIF4E and p70S6K/RPS6 axes play critical and distinct roles in hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT and N-Ras proto-oncogenes in mice.
Activation of ?-catenin and Yap1 in human hepatoblastoma and induction of hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
RANK expression as a prognostic and predictive marker in breast cancer.
Virtual slide telepathology with scanner systems for intraoperative frozen-section consultation.
SKP2 cooperates with N-Ras or AKT to induce liver tumor development in mice.
Inactivation of fatty acid synthase impairs hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT in mice and humans.
Hepatic expression of Sonic Hedgehog induces liver fibrosis and promotes hepatocarcinogenesis in a transgenic mouse model.
Mitochondrial Dysfunction Due to Lack of Manganese Superoxide Dismutase Promotes Hepatocarcinogenesis.
PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway plays a major pathogenetic role in glycogen accumulation and tumor development in renal distal tubules of rats and men.
Co-activation of PIK3CA and Yap promotes development of hepatocellular and cholangiocellular tumors in mouse and human liver.
Febrile ulceronecrotic Mucha-Habermann disease following suspected hemorrhagic chickenpox infection in a 20-month-old boy.
Transgenic mouse model expressing P53(R172H), luciferase, EGFP, and KRAS(G12D) in a single open reading frame for live imaging of tumor.
Activated mutant forms of PIK3CA cooperate with RasV12 or c-Met to induce liver tumor formation in mice via AKT2/mTORC1 cascade.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
[Molecular and metabolic changes in human clear cell liver foci].
NADPH oxidase contributes to resistance against Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans-induced periodontitis in mice
The Angiotensin-(1-7)/Mas axis improves pancreatic ß-cell function in vitro and in vivo
Jagged 1 is a major Notch ligand along cholangiocarcinoma development in mice and humans.
The Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Inhibitor Gefitinib Reduces but Does Not Prevent Tumorigenesis in Chemical and Hormonal Induced Hepatocarcinogenesis Rat Models.
Both de novo synthetized and exogenous fatty acids support the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Administration of Gemcitabine After Pancreatic Tumor Resection in Mice Induces an Antitumor Immune Response Mediated by Natural Killer Cells.
Knockdown of ApoL1 in Zebrafish Larvae Affects the Glomerular Filtration Barrier and the Expression of Nephrin.
Differential requirement for de novo lipogenesis in cholangiocarcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma of mice and humans.
Co-activation of AKT and c-Met triggers rapid hepatocellular carcinoma development via the mTORC1/FASN pathway in mice.
Comparison of liver oncogenic potential among human RAS isoforms.
[Nuclear Her2 expression in hepatocytes in liver disease].
Structured illumination microscopy and automatized image processing as a rapid diagnostic tool for podocyte effacement.
Inhibition of HSF1 suppresses the growth of hepatocarcinoma cell lines in vitro and AKT-driven hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
Microvascular and lymphovascular tumour invasion are associated with poor prognosis and metastatic spread in renal cell carcinoma: a validation study in clinical practice.
Pan-mTOR inhibitor MLN0128 is effective against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma in mice.
A functional mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 signaling is indispensable for c-Myc-driven hepatocarcinogenesis.
Oncogene dependent requirement of fatty acid synthase in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Deregulated c-Myc requires a functional HSF1 for experimental and human hepatocarcinogenesis.
Central role of mTORC1 downstream of YAP/TAZ in hepatoblastoma development.
Endoskopische Vollwandresektion mit dem FTRD im klinischen Alltag
Side effects by oral application of atmospheric pressure plasma on the mucosa in mice
Repeated exposure of the oral mucosa over 12 months with cold plasma is not carcinogenic in mice
Splenic rupture and fungal endocarditis in a pediatric patient with invasive fusariosis after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aplastic anemia: A case report
S3-Leitlinie Diagnostik und Therapie biliärer Karzinome.
[Not Available].
Early Subcellular Hepatocellular Alterations in Mice Post Hydrodynamic Transfection: An Explorative Study.