von Bohlen und Halbach, Oliver	2250
Role of Transient Receptor Potential Channel 1 (TRPC1) in Glutamate-Induced Cell Death in the Hippocampal Cell Line HT22
Effects of the angiotensin-(1-7) receptor Mas on cell proliferation and on the population of doublecortin positive cells within the dentate gyrus and the piriform cortex
Post-mortem magnetic resonance microscopy (MRM) of the murine brain at 7 Tesla results in a gain of resolution as compared to in vivo MRM.
Distribution of PCP4 Protein in the forebrain of adult mice.
Growth/Differentiation factor 15 promotes EGFR signalling, and regulates Proliferation and Migration in the hippocampus of neonatal and Young adult mice.
Implications of p75NTR for dentate gyrus and hippocampus-related behavior revisited.
SrGAP3 knockout mice display enlarged lateral ventricles and specific cilia disturbances of ependymal cells in the third ventricle.
Implications of p75NTR for dentate gyrus morphology and hippocampus-related behavior revisited.
Impact of a deletion of the full-length and short isoform of p75NTR on cholinergic innervation and the population of postmitotic doublecortin positive cells in the dentate gyrus
Accumulation of murine amyloid-beta mimics early Alzheimer's disease.
The Wnt Adaptor Protein ATP6AP2 Regulates Multiple Stages of Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis.
A possible role for the immune system in adult neurogenesis: new insights from an invertebrate model.
Growth/differentiation factor-15 deficiency compromises dopaminergic neuron survival and microglial response in the 6-hydroxydopamine mouse model of Parkinson´s disease.
Cell biology needs super-resolution.
Morphological and behavioral characterization of adult mice deficient for SrGAP3
Deletion of p75NTR enhances the cholinergic innervation pattern of the visual cortex
Lack of P-glycoprotein Results in Impairment of Removal of Beta-Amyloid and Increased Intraparenchymal Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy after Active Immunization in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Effects of p75NTR deficiency on cholinergic innervation of the amygdala and anxiety-like behavior.
A patient-specific induced pluripotent stem cell model for West syndrome caused by ST3GAL3 deficiency
Roles and functions of Atp6ap2 in the brain
Recent advances in hippocampal structure and function
Obesity Impairs Mobility and Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis.
Structural and functional consequences in the amygdala of leptin-deficient mice
Autism-like behavior in Pianp-deficient mice is associated with decreased neuronal Erdr1 expression and altered GABAB receptor signaling.
The angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) system in the brain: possible involvement in Neuro-Covid.
Localization and expression of the Mas-related G-protein coupled receptor member D (MrgD) in the mouse brain.
Deficiency in FTSJ1 Affects Neuronal Plasticity in the Hippocampal Formation of Mice
Controlling glutathione entry into mitochondria: potential roles for SLC25A39 in health and (treatment of) disease
Cellular and molecular responses to changes in nutrition and exercise
Morphological and behavioral analysis of Slc35f1-deficient mice revealed no neurodevelopmental phenotype