Sendler, Matthias	2303
Effect of magnesium supplementation and depletion on the onset and course of acute experimental pancreatitis.
Mnk1 is a novel acinar cell-specific kinase required for exocrine pancreatic secretion and response to pancreatitis in mice.
Surgical Trauma Leads to a Shorter Survival in a Murine Orthotopic Pancreatic Cancer Model.
Alcohol Disrupts Levels and Function of the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator to Promote Development of Pancreatitis.
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
Lysosome associated membrane proteins maintain pancreatic acinar cell homeostasis: LAMP-2 deficient mice develop pancreatitis.
A recombined allele of the lipase gene CEL and its pseudogene CELP confers susceptibility to chronic pancreatitis.
Cathepsin B mediated Protease activation increases acinar cell apoptosis
Chronic stress promotes neoangiogenesis in a syngenetic orthotopic mouse model of pancreatic cancer
TRAIL Promotes Tumor Growth in a Syngeneic Murine Orthotopic Pancreatic Cancer Model and Affects the Host Immune Response.
Chronic stress increases experimental pancreatic cancer growth, reduces survival and can be antagonised by beta-adrenergic receptor blockade.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Development of Pancreatic Cancer: Targets for Early Detection and Treatment.
The lysosomal Protease Cathepsin C regulates leukocyte invasion and apoptosis in acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin C reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis durch Beeinflussung der Leukozyteninfiltration und Apoptose
Cathepsin B Activity Initiates Apoptosis via Digestive Protease Activation in Pancreatic Acinar Cells and Experimental Pancreatitis.
Human pluripotent stem cell-derived acinar/ductal organoids generate human pancreas upon orthotopic transplantation and allow disease modelling.
Effect of oral administration of AZD8309, a CXCR2 antagonist, on the severity of experimental pancreatitis.
EGFR1 Targeted Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil Using Tumor Specific Theranostic Aptamers in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma
Intracellular Trypsinogen Activation in Phagocyting Macrophages Acts as DAMP Fueling Severe Acute Pancreatitis
Subdiaphragmatic vagotomy promotes tumor growth and reduces survival via TNF? in a murine pancreatic cancer model.
Cathepsin B-mediated Activation of Trypsinogen in Endocytosing Macrophages Increases Severity of Pancreatitis in Mice.
Cathepsin D regulates cathepsin B activation and disease severity predominantly in inflammatory cells during experimental pancreatitis.
Cathepsin C Affects Severity of Acute Pancreatitis by Regulating Activation of Neutrophil Enzymes
Einfluss der Calpaine auf die lysosomale Permeabilisierung und Proteasenaktivierung in der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis
NLRP3 Inflammasome activation in macrophages regulates systemic Inflammation and severity during acute pancreatitis
Necrosis, Apoptosis, Necroptosis, Pyroptosis: It Matters How Acinar Cells Die During Pancreatitis.
Roles of autophagy and metabolism in pancreatic cancer cell adaptation to environmental challenges.
Ductal Mucus Obstruction and Reduced Fluid Secretion Are Early Defects in Chronic Pancreatitis.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
The Importance of Aquaporin 1 in Pancreatitis and Its Relation to the CFTR Cl Channel.
Deficiency of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduction of neutrophil elastase activation and cleavage of E-cadherin.
Regulation of transcription factors in the ER stress recognition System during acute pancreatitis
An in vitro System to evaluate potential therpeutic substances for ER stress reduction during pancreatitis
Adaptive immune Response during acute pancreatitis is regulated by NLRP3 inflammasome activation via Interleukin 18
IRAK-M regulates the local and systemic immune Responses in acute pancreatitis
LMP7 immunoproteasome knockout mice Show delayed inflammatory respnse during acute pancreatitis: protective or harmful effect?
Pink1-Parkin mediated mitophagy in acute pancreatitis
Non classical macrophage polarization regulates the immune response during acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin D reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten Pankreatitis über eine Aktivierung von Cathepsin D inflammatorischer Zellen
Genetics and pathophysiology of pancreatitis.
Role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and protein misfolding in disorders of the liver and pancreas
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
Involving patient groups in drug research. A systematic review of reasons
Absence of the neutrophil serine protease cathepsin G decreases neutrophil granulocyte infiltration but does not change the severity of acute pancreatitis.
Early trypsin activation develops independently of autophagy in caerulein-induced pancreatitis in mice.
Macrophage-derived cytokines of the IL1 Family simultaneously regulate pro-and anti-Inflammation during severe acute pancreatitis
The depletion of Foxp3+/CD25+ regulatory T cells drives a Th2 immune Response and reduces severity in a mouse model of acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin D Expression mediates gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer
Depletion of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduced activation of elastase in neutrophil granulocytes
Interleukin 33 regulates Th2 T-cell Differentiation and macrophage polarization during acute pancreatitis
Degradation of cystatin C, an endogenous cathepsin inhibitor, stabilizes cathepsin B activity within pancreatic zymogen granules
Die lysosomale Protease Cathepsin C beeinflusst über Aktivierung von neutrophilen Serinproteasen die akute Pankreatitis
The Complex Role of Trypsin in Pancreatitis.
Experimental pancreatitis is characterized by rapid T cell activation, Th2 differentiation that parallels disease severity, and improvement after CD4 T cell depletion.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Role of Bile Acids and Bile Salts in Acute Pancreatitis: From the Experimental to Clinical Studies.
Analysis of GPRC6A variants in different pancreatitis etiologies.
Cell Signaling of Pancreatic Duct Pressure and Its Role in the Onset of Pancreatitis.
Involving Patient Groups in Drug Research: A Systematic Review of Reasons.
MiR-502 is the first reported miRNA simultaneously targeting two components of the classical non-homologous end joining (C-NHEJ) in pancreatic cell lines.
Zelluläre Pathomechanismen der akuten Pankreatitis
Immunsuppression during severe acute pancreatitis is associated with a dramatic shift in intestinal microbiota composition and infected necrosis
Role of microlithiasis-induced NLRP3-inflammasome activation in the development of acute pancreatitis
Cystatin C regulates Cathepsin B activity within pancreatic zymogen granules and prevents pancreatic protease activation
Depletion of CD25+/FoxP3+ regulatory T cells increases fibrosis in a chronic model of pancreatitis
Disturbance of the immunoproteasome function and ER stress response correlates with persistent pancreatic damage in acute pancreatitis
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Immunoproteasome impairment via ?5i/LMP7-deletion leads to sustained pancreatic injury from experimental pancreatitis.
Pancreatitis severity in mice with impaired CFTR function but pancreatic sufficiency is mediated via ductal and inflammatory cells-Not acinar cells.
Entwicklung eines prädiktiven Modells zur frühzeitigen Detektion der infizierten Pankreasnekrose bei akuter Pankreatitis
Loss of muscle mass and strength in experimental chronic pancreatitis
Impact of systemic bile acids in acute pancreatitis depend on their hydrophobicity and may result from their interaction with CCK1 receptor
The way to infected necrosis during severe acute pancreatitis: How regulatory T-cells impact on the intestinal barrier function
Tumor-Specific Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil-Incorporated Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-Targeted Aptamers as an Efficient Treatment in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Models.
Plasma Metabolome Profiling Identifies Metabolic Subtypes of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
Pathogenesis of acute pancreatitis
Role of Bile Acids and Bile Salts in Acute Pancreatitis: From the Experimental to Clinical Studies.
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
DNA Polymerase Theta Plays a Critical Role in Pancreatic Cancer Development and Metastasis
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Identification of early predictors for infected necrosis in acute pancreatitis.
Systemic Bile Acids Affect the Severity of Acute Pancreatitis in Mice Depending on Their Hydrophobicity and the Disease Pathogenesis.
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.