Grotevendt A	2305
Relation of insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF binding protein 3 with markers of inflammation: results of a population-based study.
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
Optimizing centrifugation of coagulation samples in laboratory automation.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relation of IGF1 and IGF-binding protein 3 with lipid metabolism.
Association between serum vitamin D concentrations and inflammatory markers in the general adult population.
Acquired hemophilia with inhibitors presenting as an emergency: misinterpretation of clotting results during direct oral anticoagulation.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
Erworbene Hemmkörperhämophilie bei einer Notfallpatientin: Fehlinterpretation der Gerinnungswerte unter direkter oraler Antikoagulation
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Partially desulfated heparin modulates the interaction between anti-protamine/heparin antibodies and platelets.
A meta-analysis of 120 246 individuals identifies 18 new loci for fibrinogen concentration.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Comparison of HapMap and 1000 Genomes Reference Panels in a Large-Scale Genome-Wide Association Study.
Analytical robustness of nine common assays: frequency of outliers and extreme differences identified by a large number of duplicate measurements.
Associations of aldosterone and renin concentrations with inflammation-the Study of Health in Pomerania and the German Conn's Registry.
Clowns in Paediatric Surgery: Less Anxiety and More Oxytocin? A Pilot Study.