Zygmunt, Marek Tadeusz	2320
B-1a B cells regulate T cell differentiation associated with pregnancy disturbances.
Diagnostik-Score für uterine Sarkome - ein schwerer Weg zum Ziel
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Voluntary Toxoplasmosis Screening in pregnancy underestimates active infection in dependency of Socioeconomic Factors: Data from a Population-Based Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Forschungsförderung für internationale geburtshilfliche Projekte durch die DFG
Drittmittelfinanzierung durch öffentliche Geldgeber ? Perspektive des Frauenarztes
B cell development undergoes profound modifications and adaptations during pregnancy in mice.
Polymorphism of the IL-8 gene and the risk of ovarian cancer.
Ductoscopic detection of intraductal lesions in cases of pathologic nipple discharge in comparison with standard diagnostics: the german multicenter study.
Atypisches juveniles Fibroadenom versus Bordeline-Phylloidestumor bei einer 17-jährigen Patientin
Expression pattern of the microRNA miR-1 in ovarian cancer cell lines and tumor tissue samples implies a loss of miR-1's tumor suppressor properties
Acupuncture for pain control after caesarian section - a prospective observational pilot study
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Nursing Practicum in Gynaecology and Obstetrics – Early Influence Possibilities for a Specialty
Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche
Cytochrome P450 17A1 inhibitor abiraterone attenuates cellular growth of prostate cancer cells independently from androgen receptor signaling by modulation of oncogenic and apoptotic pathways.
Corrigendum: Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche.
geburtshilfliche Forschung in Deutschland - Internationale Orientierung
Marginal zone B cells emerge as a critical component of pregnancy well-being.
Interferon-? differentially modulates the impact of tumor necrosis factor-? on human endometrial stromal cells.
Sphingosine 1-phosphate regulates IL-8 expression and secretion via S1PR1 and S1PR2 receptors-mediated signaling in extravillous trophoblast derived HTR-8/SVneo cells.
The role of pregnancy-associated hormones in the development and function of regulatory B cells.
Acupuncture for pain control after Caesarean section: a prospective observational Pilot study
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
The impact of socioeconomic factors on the efficiency of voluntary toxoplasmosis screening during pregnancy: a population-based study.
The Tumor Suppressor MicroRNA-1 Exhibits Restricted Inhibition of Proliferation of Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Drug-induced Modulation of Heat Shock Protein HSPB1 in an Ovarian Cancer Cell Model.
Progesterone and estradiol exert an inhibitory effect on the production of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 by activated MZ B cells.
Expression analysis of cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 in B cells during pregnancy and their role on cytokine production.
The presence of heparins during decidualization modulates the response of human endometrial stromal cells to IL-1? in vitro.
Heparin modulates chemokines in human endometrial stromal cells by interaction with tumor necrosis factor ? and thrombin.
Unfractionated Heparin Selectively Modulates the Expression of CXCL8, CCL2 and CCL5 in Endometrial Carcinoma Cells.
Clinical Outcome of Neoadjuvant Radiochemotherapy in Locally Advanced Cervical Cancer: Results of an Open Prospective, Multicenter Phase 2 Study of the North-Eastern German Society of Gynecological Oncology.
A Kinetic Study of CD83 Reveals an Upregulation and Higher Production of sCD83 in Lymphocytes from Pregnant Mice.
3D in vitro models of early pregnancy: how to choose the right scaffolding material?
PARP inhibition sensitizes endometrial cancer cells to paclitaxel-induced apoptosis.
Genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk.
Stimulation of chemokines in human endometrial stromal cells by tumor necrosis factor-? and interferon-? is similar under apoptotic and non-apoptotic conditions.
Influence of Paclitaxel and Heparin on Vitality, Proliferation and Cytokine Production of Endometrial Cancer Cells.
Die Korrelation zwischen duktoskopischen und histopathologischen Befunden und ihre Relevanz als Dignitätsprädiktoren: eine nationale Multi-Center-Studie
Mastektomie mit Drainage vs. Mastektomie mit TissuGlu®-Gewebekleber – eine prospektiv-randomisiert-kontrollierte Studie.
Mastektomie mit Drainage vs. Mastektomie mit TissuGlu® – Gewebekleber – eine retrospektive Studie
The Use of TissuGlu® Surgical Adhesive for Mastectomy With or Without Lymphonodectomy.
Medio-legale Aspekte zur Schulterdystokie
Human pregnancy is accompanied by modifications in B cell development and immunoglobulin profile.
Save the Children by Treating Their Mothers (PriVileG-M-Study) - Study Protocol: A Sequentially Randomized Controlled Trial of Individualized Psychotherapy and Telemedicine to Reduce Mental Stress in Pregnant Women and Young Mothers and to Improve Child's Health
Determination of In Vitro Membrane Permeability by Analysis of Intracellular and Extracellular Fluorescein Signals in Renal Cells
Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP): Study design and cohort update
Benign uterine mass - Discrimination from leiomyosarcoma by a preoperative risk score: a multicenter cohort study
The Effect of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Membrane Permeability of Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Maternal pre-pregnancy underweight as a risk factor for the offspring: Survey of Neonates in Pomerania.
Expression of IL-33 Receptor Is Significantly Up-Regulated in B Cells During Pregnancy and in the Acute Phase of Preterm Birth in Mice
Hormonally controlled ILC antigen presentation potential is reduced during pregnancy
B cells acquire a unique and differential transcriptomic profile during pregnancy.
Genetic insights into biological mechanisms governing human ovarian ageing.
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)