Grabe, Hans-J?rgen	23350
High social support buffers the effects of 5-HTTLPR genotypes within social anxiety disorder
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Age and sex specific reference intervals across life-span for insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) and the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio measured by new automated chemiluminescence assays.
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Current Smoking and Reduced Gray Matter Volume - a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Current Smoking and Reduced Gray Matter Volume - a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
The phenomenology of the first panic attack in clinical and community-based samples.
A Telephone- and Text Message-Based Telemedicine Concept for Patients with Mental Health Disorders: Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Measurement and genetics of human subcortical and hippocampal asymmetries in large datasets.
Measurement and genetics of human subcortical and hippocampal asymmetries in large datasets.
Multimodal imaging of a tescalcin (TESC)-regulating polymorphism (rs7294919)-specific effects on hippocampal gray matter structure.
Multimodal imaging of a tescalcin (TESC)-regulating polymorphism (rs7294919)-specific effects on hippocampal gray matter structure.
Psychometric functioning, socio-demographic variability of childhood maltreatment in the general population and its effects of depression.GANI_MED
The impact of childhood trauma on depression: does resilience matter? Population-based results from the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Interaction among childhood trauma and functional polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway moderate the risk of depressive disorders.
Interaction among childhood trauma and functional polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway moderate the risk of depressive disorders.
Asymmetry within and around the human planum temporale is sexually dimorphic and influenced by genes involved in steroid hormone receptor activity.
Asymmetry within and around the human planum temporale is sexually dimorphic and influenced by genes involved in steroid hormone receptor activity.
Change in depressive symptoms and mental health-related quality of life in northeast Germany between 1997-2001 and 2008-2012
Suicidal events among pathological gamblers: The role of comorbidity of axis I and axis II disorders
A surveillance tool using mobile phone  short message service to reduce alcohol consumption among alcohol-dependent patients
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies six novel loci associated with habitual coffee consumption.
Alexithymic features and the labeling of brief emotional facial expressions - An fMRI study.
Neuroticism developmental courses--implications for depression, anxiety and everyday emotional experience; a prospective study from adolescence to young adulthood.
Cross-Disorder Genome-Wide Analyses Suggest a Complex Genetic Relationship Between Tourette's Syndrome and OCD.
Automatic emotion processing as a function of trait emotional awareness: an fMRI study.
A genome-wide search for quantitative trait loci affecting the cortical surface area and thickness of Heschl's gyrus.
Bi-allelic and tri-allelic 5-HTTLPR polymorphisms and triptan non-response in cluster headache.
Alexithymia and the labeling of facial emotions: response slowing and increased motor and somatosensory processing.
Secuelas somaticas de los abusos infantiles
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Multi-Ethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Cerebral White Matter Hyperintensities on MRI
No Association Between Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia and Brain Volume in the General Population.
No Association Between Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia and Brain Volume in the General Population.
Subcortical brain alterations in major depressive disorder: findings from the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder working group.
Subcortical brain alterations in major depressive disorder: findings from the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder working group.
Association of a neurokinin 3 receptor polymorphism with the anterior basal forebrain.
Structural alterations in white-matter tracts connecting (para-)limbic and prefrontal brain regions in borderline personality disorder.
Social support and the serotonin transporter genotype (5-HTTLPR) moderate levels of resilience, sense of coherence, and depression.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Tecla: A telephone- and text-message based telemedical concept for patients with severe mental health disorders – study protocol for a controlled, randomized, study
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
Diagnosed thyroid disorders are associated with depression and anxiety.
Impact of whole-body MRI in a general population study.
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
Measuring Biological Age via Metabonomics – the Metabolic Age-Score
Measuring Biological Age via Metabonomics – the Metabolic Age-Score
Accumulated common variants in the broader fragile X gene family modulate autistic phenotypes
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
ENIGMA and the Individual: Predicting Factors that Affect the Brain in 35 Countries Worldwide.
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies for Extraversion: Findings from the Genetics of Personality Consortium.
Genome-wide studies of verbal declarative memory in nondemented older people: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology consortium.
GWAS for executive function and processing speed suggests involvement of the CADM2 gene.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of anxiety disorders
Alexithymia and self-directedness as predictors of psychopathology and psychotherapeutic treatment outcome.
FACTORIAL VALIDITY OF THE SHORT FORM OF THE CHILDHOOD TRAUMA QUESTIONNAIRE (CTQ-SF) IN GERMAN PSYCHIATRIC PATIENTS, INMATES, AND UNIVERSITY STUDENTS.
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism and hippocampal volume in neuropsychiatric disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Letter to the editor.
A functional brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) gene variant increases the risk of moderate-to-severe allergic rhinitis.
A priori collaboration in population imaging: The Uniform Neuro-Imaging of Virchow-Robin Spaces Enlargement consortium
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
Relationship between APOE genotype and structural MRI measures throughout adulthood in the SHIP population-based cohort
Relationship between APOE genotype and structural MRI measures throughout adulthood in the SHIP population-based cohort
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Chromosomal contacts connect loci associated with autism, BMI and head circumference phenotypes.
Genome-wide Association for Major Depression Through Age at Onset Stratification: Major Depressive Disorder Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Genetic influences on schizophrenia and subcortical brain volumes: large-scale proof of concept.
A Whole-Blood Transcriptome Meta-Analysis Identifies Gene Expression Signatures of Cigarette Smoking.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
From Childhood Trauma to Adult Dissociation: The Role of PTSD and Alexithymia.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
The inverse link between genetic risk for schizophrenia and migraine through NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor activation via D-serine.
Genome-wide association study of caffeine metabolites provides new insights to caffeine metabolism and dietary caffeine-consumption behavior.
Childhood adversity impacts on brain subcortical structures relevant to depression.
Childhood adversity impacts on brain subcortical structures relevant to depression.
Cortical abnormalities in adults and adolescents with major depression based on brain scans from 20 cohorts worldwide in the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder Working Group.
Cortical abnormalities in adults and adolescents with major depression based on brain scans from 20 cohorts worldwide in the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder Working Group.
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
Genome-wide analysis identifies 12 loci influencing human reproductive behavior.
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies
An Analysis of Two Genome-wide Association Meta-analyses Identifies a New Locus for Broad Depression Phenotype.
An Analysis of Two Genome-wide Association Meta-analyses Identifies a New Locus for Broad Depression Phenotype.
KLB is associated with alcohol drinking, and its gene product ?-Klotho is necessary for FGF21 regulation of alcohol preference.
OTTO: a new strategy to extract mental disease-relevant combinations of GWAS hits from individuals
Human subcortical brain asymmetries in 15,847 People worldwide reveal effects of age and sex
Adolescent harm avoidance as a longitudinal predictor of maladaptive cognitive Emotion Regulation in adulthood: The mediating role of inhibitory control
Assessment and characterization of phenotypic heterogeneity of anxiety disorders across five large cohorts
Response to Dr Fried & Dr Kievit, and Dr Malhi et al.
Response to Dr Fried & Dr Kievit, and Dr Malhi et al.
Minimization of Childhood Maltreatment is common and consequential: Results from a large, multinational sample using the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Genetic effects influencing risk for major depressive disorder in China and Europe.
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
Associations of androgens with depressive symptoms and cognitive status in the general population.
Living alone and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system: Differential effects depending on alexithymic personality features.
Predicting brain structure in population-based samples with biologically informed genetic scores for schizophrenia.
Predicting brain structure in population-based samples with biologically informed genetic scores for schizophrenia.
Psychosocial features of irritable bowel syndrome in the study of health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Abdominal fat deposits determined by magnetic resonance imaging in relation to leptin and vaspin levels as well as insulin resistance in the general adult population.
Subcortical brain structure and suicidal behaviour in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis from the ENIGMA-MDD working group.
Subcortical brain structure and suicidal behaviour in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis from the ENIGMA-MDD working group.
Collaborative meta-analysis finds no evidence of a strong interaction between stress and 5-HTTLPR genotype contributing to the development of depression.
Structural Alterations in the Corpus Callosum Are Associated with Suicidal Behavior in Women with Borderline Personality Disorder
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Two Statistical Criteria to Choose the Method for Dilution Correction in Metabolomic Urine Measurements.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Genetic Association of Major Depression With Atypical Features and Obesity-Related Immunometabolic Dysregulations.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction in depression: A systematic evaluation of candidate genes: The childhood trauma working-group of PGC-MDD.
Trends in non-help-seeking for mental disorders in Germany between 1997-1999 and 2009-2012: a repeated cross-sectional study
[Psychosis, Intoxication or Serotonin Syndrome? - A 20-Year Old Male with Ziprasidone und Sertraline]
Assessing the interplay of childhood adversities with more recent stressful life events and conditions in predicting panic pathology among adults from the general population.
Sexual dimorphism of AMBRA1-related autistic features in human and mouse.
Vitamin D and health care costs: Results from two independent population-based cohort studies.
Does Childhood Trauma Moderate Polygenic Risk for Depression? A Meta-analysis of 5765 Subjects From the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Microglia ablation alleviates myelin-associated catatonic signs in mice.
Alexithymia and Psychotherapeutic Treatment Motivation: Main and Interactional Effects on Treatment Outcome.
Childhood Trauma and Functional Variants of 5-HTTLPR Are Independently Associated with Alexithymia in 5,283 Subjects from the General Population.
Predictors of medication adherence among patients with severe psychiatric disorders: findings from the baseline assessment of a randomized controlled trial (Tecla)
Paternal transmission of early life traumatization through epigenetics: Do fathers play a role?
Paternal transmission of early life traumatization through epigenetics: Do fathers play a role?
Integrating evolutionary and regulatory information with a multispecies approach implicates genes and pathways in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Genome-wide association study of borderline personality disorder reveals genetic overlap with bipolar disorder, major depression and schizophrenia.
Alexithymie und Zwangssymptome in der psychotherapeutischen Behandlung
Frühe Brandmale
Association Between Symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Signs of Temporomandibular Disorders in the General Population.
Inter-individual Differences in Heart Rate Variability Are Associated with Inter-individual Differences in Empathy and Alexithymia
Publisher Correction: Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Publisher Correction: Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Interplay between COMT Val158Met, childhood adversities and sex in predicting panic pathology: Findings from a general population sample.
Prevalence and determinants of agonistic autoantibodies against ?1-adrenergic receptors in patients screened positive for dementia: results from the population-based DelpHi-study
Prevalence and determinants of agonistic autoantibodies against ?1-adrenergic receptors in patients screened positive for dementia: results from the population-based DelpHi-study
Genome-wide association analyses identify 44 risk variants and refine the genetic architecture of major depression.
Voraussetzungen für den Aufbau telemedizinischer Regelversorgung
The informative error: A framework for the construction of individualized phenotypes.
Analysis of shared heritability in common disorders of the brain.
Mapping cortical brain asymmetry in 17,141 healthy individuals worldwide via the ENIGMA Consortium.
Exome Chip Analysis Identifies Low-Frequency and Rare Variants in  for White Matter Hyperintensities on Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Association of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Vitamin D with Depression and Obesity: A Population-Based Study.
Regional tract-specific white matter hyperintensities are associated with patterns to aging-related brain atrophy via vascular risk factors, but also independently.
Assessment of subjective emotional valence and long-lasting impact of life events: development and psychometrics of the Stralsund Life Event List (SEL).
Lifetime and 12-month prevalence estimates for mental disorders in northeastern Germany: findings from the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Enlarged perivascular spaces and cognition: A meta-analysis of 5 population-based studies.
White matter lesions: Spatial heterogeneity, links to risk factors, cognition, genetics, and atrophy.
Interplay between RGS2 and childhood adversities in predicting anxiety and depressive disorders: Findings from a general population sample.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
Dilution correction for dynamically influenced urinary analyte data.
Dilution correction for dynamically influenced urinary analyte data.
Night Shift Work Affects Urine Metabolite Profiles of Nurses with Early Chronotype.
Night Shift Work Affects Urine Metabolite Profiles of Nurses with Early Chronotype.
12-year changes in cardiovascular risk factors in people with major depressive or bipolar disorder: a prospective cohort analysis in Germany.
Genome-wide association study of 23,500 individuals identifies 7 loci associated with brain ventricular volume.
Applying polygenic risk scoring for psychiatric disorders to a large family with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
High Thyrotropin Is Associated with Reduced Hippocampal Volume in a Population-Based Study from Germany
Improving medication adherence with telemedical care in people with severe mental illness: Results of a randomized clinical trial
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
The relation of alexithymia, chronic perceived stress and declarative memory performance: Results from the general population.
Neandertal Introgression Sheds Light on Modern Human Endocranial Globularity
Predicting physical and mental health symptoms: Additive and interactive effects of difficulty identifying feelings, neuroticism and extraversion.
Irritable bowel syndrome, mental health, and quality of life: Data from a population-based survey in Germany (SHIP-Trend-0)
Meta-analysis of up to 622,409 individuals identifies 40 novel smoking behaviour associated genetic loci.
Prospective associations of androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin with 12-month, lifetime and incident anxiety and depressive disorders in men and women from the general population.
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-smoking interaction study of 387,272 individuals identifies new loci associated with serum lipids.
Genetic and lifestyle risk factors for MRI-defined brain infarcts in a population-based setting
Interactive impact of childhood maltreatment, depression, and age on cortical brain structure: mega-analytic findings from a large multi-site cohort
Dose response of the 16p11.2 distal copy number variant on intracranial volume and basal ganglia
Save the Children by Treating Their Mothers (PriVileG-M-Study) - Study Protocol: A Sequentially Randomized Controlled Trial of Individualized Psychotherapy and Telemedicine to Reduce Mental Stress in Pregnant Women and Young Mothers and to Improve Child's Health
Multiancestry Genome-Wide Association Study of Lipid Levels Incorporating Gene-Alcohol Interactions.
Prevalence of impaired functional reading ability and its association with quality of life, daily activity, mobility and social participation among general older adults in Germany
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction and depressive symptoms: protocol for a systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Differential activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in response to childhood and adulthood trauma.
New alcohol-related genes suggest shared genetic mechanisms with neuropsychiatric disorders.
Association of childhood traumatization and neuropsychiatric outcomes with altered plasma micro RNA-levels.
Inflammatory markers and imaging patterns of advanced brain aging in the general population.
GWAS of Suicide Attempt in Psychiatric Disorders and Association With Major Depression Polygenic Risk Scores.
Corticosteroids and Regional Variations in Thickness of the Human Cerebral Cortex across the Lifespan.
No Alterations of Brain Structural Asymmetry in Major Depressive Disorder: An ENIGMA Consortium Analysis.
Posttraumatic stress disorder is associated with reduced vitamin D levels and functional polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein in a population-based sample.
Classical Human Leukocyte Antigen Alleles and C4 Haplotypes Are Not Significantly Associated With Depression.
Full exploitation of high dimensionality in brain imaging: The JPND working group statement and findings.
Validated inference of smoking habits from blood with a finite DNA methylation marker set.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration.
Telemedical care and quality of life in patients with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder:  results of a randomized controlled trial
Childhood trauma and adult declarative memory performance in the general population: The mediating effect of alexithymia.
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Association of Copy Number Variation of the 15q11.2 BP1-BP2 Region With Cortical and Subcortical Morphology and Cognition.
Gaussian and Mixed Graphical Models as (multi-)omics data analysis tools.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adults: A Population Survey on Public Beliefs.
Harmonization of large MRI datasets for the analysis of brain imaging patterns throughout the lifespan.
The Impact of Childhood Trauma and Depressive Symptoms on Body Mass Index
ADHD, stigma and continuum beliefs: A population survey on public attitudes towards children and adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
A Biomarker for Alzheimer's Disease Based on Patterns of Regional Brain Atrophy.
A Biomarker for Alzheimer's Disease Based on Patterns of Regional Brain Atrophy.
[Mentally ill parents and their children].
[Mental Health Research - "Lost in Translation?"]
Quantifying between-cohort and between-sex genetic heterogeneity in major depressive disorder.
[Obituary for Prof. Dr. Harald J. Freyberger].
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
ENIGMA and global neuroscience: A decade of large-scale studies of the brain in health and disease across more than 40 countries.
Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Genome-wide gene-environment analyses of major depressive disorder and reported lifetime traumatic experiences in UK Biobank.
Immunoadsorption for Treatment of Patients with Suspected Alzheimer Dementia and Agonistic Autoantibodies against Alpha1a-Adrenoceptor-Rationale and Design of the IMAD Pilot Study
Immunoadsorption for Treatment of Patients with Suspected Alzheimer Dementia and Agonistic Autoantibodies against Alpha1a-Adrenoceptor-Rationale and Design of the IMAD Pilot Study
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Shame, self-identification with having a mental illness, and willingness to seek help in northeast Germany
Shame, self-identification with having a mental illness, and willingness to seek help in northeast Germany
Impact of Storage Conditions on the Breast Milk Peptidome.
Genetic correlations and genome-wide associations of cortical structure in general population samples of 22,824 adults.
Vitamin D levels are associated with trait resilience but not depression in a general population sample.
Income is associated with hippocampal/amygdala and education with cingulate cortex  grey matter volume.
An individual participant data analysis of prospective cohort studies on the association between subclinical thyroid dysfunction and depressive symptoms.
Prevalence of Prediabetes and Diabetes Mellitus Type II in Bipolar Disorder.
Functional polymorphisms of the mineralocorticoid receptor gene NR3C2 are associated with diminished memory decline: Results from a longitudinal general-population study.
Associations between Sleep Apnoea and Advanced Brain Ageing in a Large-Scale Population Study.
Epigenetic Link Between Statin Therapy and Type 2 Diabetes.
MRI signatures of brain age and disease over the lifespan based on a deep brain network and 14?468 individuals worldwide.
The association between thyroid function biomarkers and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Subcortical shape alterations in major depressive disorder: Findings from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group
Subcortical shape alterations in major depressive disorder: Findings from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group
Brain aging in major depressive disorder: results from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group.
Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders : Evidence through univariate and multivariate mega-analysis including 6420 participants from the ENIGMA MDD working group
Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders : Evidence through univariate and multivariate mega-analysis including 6420 participants from the ENIGMA MDD working group
Virtual Histology of Cortical Thickness and Shared Neurobiology in 6 Psychiatric Disorders.
Cerebral small vessel disease genomics and its implications across the lifespan.
Association of traumatic stress and posttraumatic stress disorder with carotid atherosclerosis: findings from the general population.
Association of traumatic stress and posttraumatic stress disorder with carotid atherosclerosis: findings from the general population.
Die Anwendung der Beschwerdeliste-38 zur Erhebung subjektiver Gesundheitsbeschwerden in einer epidemiologischen Kohortenstudie (Study of Health in Pomerania, SHIP)
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Vitamin D moderates the interaction between 5-HTTLPR and childhood abuse in depressive disorders.
The genetics of circulating BDNF: towards understanding the role of BDNF in brain structure and function in middle and old ages.
Effect of a 1-year short message service in detoxified alcohol-dependent patients: a multi-center, open-label randomized controlled trial.
Childhood maltreatment and lung function: Findings from the general population.
Healthspan pathway maps in  and humans highlight transcription, proliferation/biosynthesis and lipids.
ENIGMA MDD: seven years of global neuroimaging studies of major depression through worldwide data sharing.
Minimal phenotyping yields genome-wide association signals of low specificity for major depression.
Corrigendum: Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Mega-analysis methods in ENIGMA: The experience of the generalized anxiety disorder working group
Mega-analysis methods in ENIGMA: The experience of the generalized anxiety disorder working group
Global and Regional Development of the Human Cerebral Cortex: Molecular Architecture and Occupational Aptitudes.
Global and Regional Development of the Human Cerebral Cortex: Molecular Architecture and Occupational Aptitudes.
Impaired lung function as a risk factor for accelerated brain ageing
Lack of association between proton pump inhibitor use and brain aging: a cross-sectional study
Simvastatin add-on to escitalopram in patients with comorbid obesity and major depression (SIMCODE): study protocol of a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Die Borderline-Persönlichkeitsstörung in den psychosozialen, psychotherapeutischen und psychiatrischen Versorgungssystemen von Deutschland
Alexithymia is associated with increased all-cause mortality risk in men, but not in women: A 10-year follow-up study.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
The association between genetically determined ABO blood types and major depressive disorder.
The genetic predisposition to longevity acts through behavioral phenotypes in females.
1q21.1 distal copy number variants are associated with cerebral and cognitive alterations in humans.
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Genetic factors influencing a neurobiological substrate for psychiatric disorders.
Childhood Maltreatment and Subclinical Atherosclerosis: Findings from the General Population.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-sleep interactions identify novel loci for blood pressure.
Sex effects for the interaction of dopamine related genetic variants for COMT and BDNF on declarative memory performance
Soziodemografische und störungsbezogene Determinanten zur Inanspruchnahme von ärztlicher oder psychologischer Hilfe bei depressiven Episoden in einem strukturschwachen Flächenland - die besondere Rolle des Lebensalters
Association between different dimensions of childhood traumatization and plasma micro-RNA levels in a clinical psychiatric sample
Sex-Dependent Shared and Nonshared Genetic Architecture Across Mood and Psychotic Disorders.
Alexithymia and its association with cortisol in the general population
Alexithymia is associated with reduced vitamin D levels, but not polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein gene.
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
The association of childhood maltreatment, somatization and health-related quality of life in adult age: Results from a population-based cohort study
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
A metabolome-wide association study in the general population reveals decreased levels of serum laurylcarnitine in people with depression
Meta-analysis of epigenome-wide association studies of carotid intima-media thickness.
Association of Thyroid Dysfunction With Cognitive Function: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Validating biomarkers and models for epigenetic inference of alcohol consumption from blood.
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
Bidimensional structure and measurement equivalence of the Patient Health Questionnaire-9: sex-sensitive assessment of depressive symptoms in three representative German cohort studies.
Brain Correlates of Suicide Attempt in 18,925 Participants Across 18 International Cohorts.
Genome-wide interaction study with major depression identifies novel variants associated with cognitive function.
Body mass index but not genetic risk is longitudinally associated with altered structural brain parameters
Multi-Ancestry Genome-wide Association Study Accounting for Gene-Psychosocial Factor Interactions Identifies Novel Loci for Blood Pressure Traits.
Dissecting the Shared Genetic Architecture of Suicide Attempt, Psychiatric Disorders, and Known Risk Factors.
The link between obstructive sleep apnoea and neurodegeneration and cognition
The link between obstructive sleep apnoea and neurodegeneration and cognition
Associations of objective and subjective sleep quality with MRI markers of brain ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
The neurobiology of childhood trauma - aldosterone and blood pressure changes in a community sample
The neurobiology of childhood trauma - aldosterone and blood pressure changes in a community sample
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Inverse association between the anticholinergic burden and hippocampus volume in a population-based cohort across the entire adult age range.
Inverse association between the anticholinergic burden and hippocampus volume in a population-based cohort across the entire adult age range.
Vom "wesensfremden Konsum" - Zum Umgang mit der Alkoholproblematik in einem DDR-Großbetrieb
Biomarkers of geroprotection and cardiovascular health: An overview of omics studies and established clinical biomarkers in the context of diet
Biomarkers of geroprotection and cardiovascular health: An overview of omics studies and established clinical biomarkers in the context of diet
Correction: Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders
Correction: Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders
The Brain Chart of Aging: Machine-learning analytics reveals links between brain aging, white matter disease, amyloid burden, and cognition in the iSTAGING consortium of 10,216 harmonized MR scans
The Brain Chart of Aging: Machine-learning analytics reveals links between brain aging, white matter disease, amyloid burden, and cognition in the iSTAGING consortium of 10,216 harmonized MR scans
Data?driven approach reveals heterogeneity and region?specific association of white matter hyperintensities with the APOE genotype: Doctor AI: Making computers explain their decisions
Plasma circulating micro-RNAs associated with alexithymia reflect a high overlap on neuropsychiatric outcomes.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Circulating Metabolome and White Matter Hyperintensities in Women and Men.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
A Cross-Sectional Study of Blood Donors' Psychological Characteristics over 8 Weeks.
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Generalised anxiety and panic symptoms in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Tooth loss in periodontally treated patients: A registry- and observation-based analysis
DNA methylation signature of chronic low-grade inflammation and its role in cardio-respiratory diseases.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor, Inflammation, and MRI Markers of Alzheimer's Disease in Predominantly Middle-Aged Adults.
Comorbid Depression and Diabetes Are Associated with Impaired Health-Related Quality of Life in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients.
Genome-wide gene-gene interaction of the 5-HTTLPR promoter polymorphism emphasizes the important role of neuroplasticity in depression
Genome-wide gene-gene interaction of the 5-HTTLPR promoter polymorphism emphasizes the important role of neuroplasticity in depression
Childhood maltreatment is not associated with atopic dermatitis in adults: results from a cross-sectional population-based cohort study.
Interaction of childhood abuse and depressive symptoms on cortical thickness: a general population study.
Quality of life and sleep in individuals with irritable bowel syndrome according to different diagnostic criteria and inflammatory bowel diseases: A comparison using data from a population-based survey.
Does social support prevent suicidal ideation in women and men? Gender-sensitive analyses of an important protective factor within prospective community cohorts.
Vitamin D deficit is associated with accelerated brain aging in the general population.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
The role of educational attainment and brain morphology in major depressive disorder: Findings from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder consortium.
The assessment of childhood maltreatment and its associations with affective symptoms in adulthood: Results of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
The assessment of cognitive function in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – Associations of demographics and psychiatric symptoms with cognitive test performance
Lifetime and current depression in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
General cognitive ability assessment in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – The block-adaptive number series task
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
APOE ?4 in Depression-Associated Memory Impairment-Evidence from Genetic and MicroRNA Analyses.
Stroke genetics informs drug discovery and risk prediction across ancestries.
Associations of Pulmonary Function with MRI Brain Volumes: A Coordinated Multi-Study Analysis.
Determinants of Perivascular Spaces in the General Population: A Pooled Cohort Analysis of Individual Participant Data.
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
The relationship between Alzheimer's-related brain atrophy patterns and sleep macro-architecture.
The relationship between Alzheimer's-related brain atrophy patterns and sleep macro-architecture.
Publisher Correction: Stroke genetics informs drug discovery and risk prediction across ancestries.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
Discovery of novel eGFR-associated multiple independent signals using a quasi-adaptive method.
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease
Deciphering the Effect of Different Genetic Variants on Hippocampal Subfield Volumes in the General Population.
The Impact of Resilience, Alexithymia and Subjectively Perceived Helplessness of Myocardial Infarction on the Risk of Posttraumatic Stress.
The Impact of Resilience, Alexithymia and Subjectively Perceived Helplessness of Myocardial Infarction on the Risk of Posttraumatic Stress.
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
The interplay between micro RNAs and genetic liability to Alzheimer's Disease on memory trajectories in the general population.
Depression, cardiometabolic disease, and their co-occurrence after childhood maltreatment: an individual participant data meta-analysis including over 200,000 participants.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Epigenome-Wide Association Study Reveals CpG Sites Associated with Thyroid Function and Regulatory Effects on KLF9
Mental health-related telemedicine interventions for pregnant women and new mothers: a systematic literature review
Genomics of perivascular space burden unravels early mechanisms of cerebral small vessel disease.
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.
Lack of structural brain alterations associated with insomnia: findings from the ENIGMA-Sleep Working Group.
Volume of subcortical brain regions in social anxiety disorder: mega-analytic results from 37 samples in the ENIGMA-Anxiety Working Group.
The interplay of family history of depression and early trauma: associations with lifetime and current depression in the German national cohort (NAKO)
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.