Below H	249
[TSH-reference range of adults: results from the population-based study KORA F4].
Beeinflussung der Alkoholabstinenzkontrolle durch Händedesinfektion
Ethanol and ethyl glucuronide urine concentrations after ethanol-based hand antisepsis with and without permitted alcohol consumption.
Hat die Verwendung des Lactoperoxidase-thiocyanat-Wasserstoffperoxid-Systems eine Zukunft in der Entwicklung von Antiseptika und Desinfektionsmitteln?
Monitoring the prevalence of thyroid disorders in the adult population of Northeast Germany
Measurements of chlorhexidine, p-chloroaniline, and p-chloronitrobenzene in saliva after mouth wash before and after operation with 0.2 % chlorhexidine digluconate in maxillofacial surgery: a randomised controlled trial
Investigating the mutagenicity of a cold argon-plasma jet in an HET-MN model
Association of salivary peroxidase activity and concentration with periodontal health: A validity study.
Interlaboratory variability of urinary iodine measurements.
Specific and robust ion chromatographic determination of hypothiocyanite in saliva samples
Evaluation of three experimental in vitro models for the assessment of the mechanical cleansing efficacy of wound irrigation solutions
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006.
Speichelperocidaseaktivität und -konzentraltion in Relation zur parodontalen Gesundheit (Salivary peroxidase activity and concentration in relation to peridontal health)
Influence of bio-sorb cream on sweat production and efficacy of surgical hand antisepsis under surgical gloves.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006
Plasma-Treated Air and Water-Assessment of Synergistic Antimicrobial Effects for Sanitation of Food Processing Surfaces and Environment
Do pneumatic tube transport systems transmit potential pathogens? A hygienic risk assessment in a University hospital
Is ozonized water or hand washing more effective for hand hygiene than using an alcohol-based hand rub?
Plasma-Functionalized Water: from Bench to Prototype for Fresh-Cut Lettuce
Investigation of the chemical composition of plasma-treated water by MidiPLexc and its antimicrobial effect on L. monocytogenes and Pseudomonas fluorescens monospecies suspension cultures
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study