Bakchoul, Tamam	24965
Management of infants born with severe neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: the role of platelet transfusions and intravenous immunoglobulin.
Multicentric validation of a rapid assay for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia with different specimen types.
Current insights into the laboratory diagnosis of HIT.
Anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies in patients with impaired graft function after liver transplantation.
Impact of priming on the response of neutrophils to human neutrophil alloantigen-3a antibodies.
A genome-wide association study of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia using an electronic medical record.
Recommendations for standardization of laboratory testing for drug-induced immune thrombocytopenia: communication from the SSC of the ISTH.
Severe and persistent heparin-induced thrombocytopenia despite fondaparinux treatment.
Tolerance of platelet concentrates treated with UVC-light only for pathogen reduction - a phase I clinical trial.
Recommendations for the use of NOD/SCID mouse model in autoimmune- and drug-induced thrombocytopenia: communication from the SSC of the ISTH.
Human phenotype ontology annotation and cluster analysis to unravel genetic defects in 707 cases with unexplained bleeding and platelet disorders.
Platelet destruction in immune thrombocytopenia. Understanding the mechanisms.
HNA antibody-mediated neutrophil aggregation is dependent on serine protease activity.
Congenital macrothrombocytopenia associated with a combination of functional polymorphisms in the TUBB1 gene
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Partially desulfated heparin modulates the interaction between anti-protamine/heparin antibodies and platelets.
Human neutrophil antigen-3a antibodies induce neutrophil stiffening and conformational activation of CD11b without shedding of L-selectin.
Flucloxacillin-induced immune thrombocytopenia.
Further insights into the anti-PF4/heparin IgM immune response.
Platelet-activating protamine-heparin-antibodies lead to higher protamine demand in patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Protamine (heparin)-induced thrombocytopenia: a review of the serological and clinical features associated with anti-protamine/heparin antibodies.
An update on heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: diagnosis and management.
A dominant gain-of-function mutation in universal tyrosine kinase SRC causes thrombocytopenia, myelofibrosis, bleeding, and bone pathologies.