Schminke, Ulf	25
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Blood cis-eQTL analysis fails to identify novel association signals among sub-threshold candidates from genome-wide association studies in restless legs syndrome.
Fatal Contralateral Cardioembolic Stroke Promoted by Systemic Thrombolysis with rtPA in Ischemic Stroke
Inflammatory markers and extent and progression of early atherosclerosis: Meta-analysis of individual-participant-data from 20 prospective studies of the PROG-IMT collaboration.
Integration of Primary and Secondary Data in the Study of Health in Pomerania and Description of Clinical Outcomes using Stroke as an Example
Carotid Intima Media Thickness Progression and Risk of Vascular Events in People With Diabetes: Results From the PROG-IMT Collaboration.
Cervical artery dissection in young adults in the stroke in young Fabry patients (sifap1) study.
Endoscopic vs Open Decompression of the Ulnar Nerve in Cubital Tunnel Syndrome: A Prospective Randomized Double-Blind Study.
Burden analysis of rare microdeletions suggests a strong impact of neurodevelopmental genes in genetic generalised epilepsies.
Length of stay in emergency department and cerebral intravenous thrombolysis in community hospitals.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
Normative values for carotid intima media thickness and its progression: Are they transferrable outside of their cohort of origin?
Novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci implicated in epigenetic regulation.
Multiethnic Exome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis.
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies
Sonografie peripherer Nerven: Relevante Indikationen für die klinische Praxis
Posterior versus Anterior Circulation Stroke in Young Adults: A Comparative Study of Stroke Aetiologies and Risk Factors in Stroke among Young Fabry Patients (sifap1).
Dalfampridine effects on cognition, fatigue, and dexterity.
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
The Association between Bone Quality and Atherosclerosis: Results from Two Large Population-Based Studies.
Association of Circulating Chemerin With Subclinical Parameters of Atherosclerosis: Results of a Population-Based Study.
Regional tract-specific white matter hyperintensities are associated with patterns to aging-related brain atrophy via vascular risk factors, but also independently.
Predictive value for cardiovascular events of common carotid intima media thickness and its rate of change in individuals at high cardiovascular risk - Results from the PROG-IMT collaboration.
White matter lesions: Spatial heterogeneity, links to risk factors, cognition, genetics, and atrophy.
DNA methylation as a mediator of HLA-DRB1*15:01 and a protective variant in multiple sclerosis.
GWAS and colocalization analyses implicate carotid intima-media thickness and carotid plaque loci in cardiovascular outcomes.
Sonographie peripherer Nerven: Nervenkompressionssyndrome
Sonografie peripherer Nerven: Sonografische Anatomie
Sonografie peripherer Nerven: Allgemeine Methodik und Untersuchungstechnik
Correction: Predictive value for cardiovascular events of common carotid intima media thickness and its rate of change in individuals at high cardiovascular risk - Results from the PROG-IMT collaboration.
Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Publisher Correction: Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Progression of conventional cardiovascular risk factors and vascular disease risk in individuals: insights from the PROG-IMT consortium
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.
SOP Kompressionssyndrome peripherer Nerven
Sonografie peripherer Nerven: Tumore und Ganglien peripherer Nerven
Sonografie peripherer Nerven: Immun-Neuropathien
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Carotid Lumen Diameter Is Associated With All?Cause Mortality in the General Population
Shared Genetics of Multiple System Atrophy and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Association of traumatic stress and posttraumatic stress disorder with carotid atherosclerosis: findings from the general population.
Lack of association between proton pump inhibitor use and brain aging: a cross-sectional study
Stroke Care during the COVID-19 Pandemic: International Expert Panel Review.
Childhood Maltreatment and Subclinical Atherosclerosis: Findings from the General Population.
Multiethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.
Meta-analysis of epigenome-wide association studies of carotid intima-media thickness.
Association of Thyroid Dysfunction With Cognitive Function: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Association between hepatic fat and subclinical vascular disease burden in the general population.
Associations of carotid intima media thickness with gene expression in whole blood and genetically predicted gene expression across 48 tissues.
Preventive treatment with CGRP monoclonal antibodies restores brain stem habituation deficits and excitability to painful stimuli in migraine: results from a prospective case-control study
Association of adolescent lipoprotein subclass profile with carotid intima-media thickness and comparison to adults: Prospective population-based cohort studies.
Higher Trimethylamine--Oxide Plasma Levels with Increasing Age Are Mediated by Diet and Trimethylamine-Forming Bacteria.
Update: Muskel- und Nervensonografie
Data?driven approach reveals heterogeneity and region?specific association of white matter hyperintensities with the APOE genotype: Doctor AI: Making computers explain their decisions
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Sphingosine-1-phosphate and vascular disease in the general population
Sonografisches Neuromonitoring auf der Stroke Unit und in der neurologischen Intensivmedizin
Carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerotic plaques are associated with renal function decline: a 14-year longitudinal population-based study.