Kohler, Christian	25109
Molecular epidemiology of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-positive Klebsiella pneumoniae from bloodstream infections and risk factors for mortality.
Mortality and molecular epidemiology associated with extended-spectrum ?-lactamase production in Escherichia coli from bloodstream infection.
Microarray based identification of human antibodies against Staphylococcus aureus antigens.
A comprehensive genomic, transcriptomic and proteomic analysis of a hyperosmotic stress sensitive alpha-proteobacterium
Sepsis Caused by Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase (ESBL)-Positive K. pneumoniae and E. coli: Comparison of Severity of Sepsis, Delay of Anti-Infective Therapy and ESBL Genotype.
Rapid and Sensitive Multiplex Detection of Burkholderia pseudomallei-Specific Antibodies in Melioidosis Patients Based on a Protein Microarray Approach.
Burkholderia pseudomallei Colony Morphotypes Show a Synchronized Metabolic Pattern after Acute Infection.
Structural analysis and knock-out of a Burkholderia pseudomallei homolog of the eukaryotic transcription coactivator PC4.
Entry, Intracellular Survival, and Multinucleated-Giant-Cell-Forming Activity of Burkholderia pseudomallei in Human Primary Phagocytic and Nonphagocytic Cells.
Extended-Spectrum ?-Lactamase-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae from Pharmaceutical Wastewaters in South-Western Nigeria.
Multitarget Quantitative PCR Improves Detection and Predicts Cultivability of the Pathogen Burkholderia pseudomallei.
GvmR - A Novel LysR-Type Transcriptional Regulator Involved in Virulence and Primary and Secondary Metabolism of .
Staphylococcus aureus colonization in hemodialysis patients: a prospective 25?months observational study.
Inhibition of microbial growth by cold atmospheric plasma compared with the antiseptics chlorhexidine digluconate, octenidine dihydrochloride, and polyhexanide
Proteomic and Membrane Lipid Correlates of Reduced Host Defense Peptide
Erythritol as a single carbon source improves cultural isolation of Burkholderia pseudomallei from rice paddy soils
Activated platelets kill Staphylococcus aureus, but not Streptococcus pneumoniae - The role of Fc?RIIa and platelet factor 4/heparin-antibodies.
Role of SrtA in Pathogenicity of Staphylococcus lugdunensis
Staphylococcus aureus Interferes with Streptococci Spatial Distribution and with Protein Expression of Species within a Polymicrobial Oral Biofilm.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
RegAB Homolog of Burkholderia pseudomallei is the Master Regulator of Redox Control and involved in Virulence
Characterization of glyphosate-resistant Burkholderia anthina and Burkholderia cenocepacia isolates from a commercial Roundup® solution
Local Epidemiology of Nosocomial Staphylococcus aureus Infection in a Nigerian University Teaching Hospital
Synchrotron-Radiation-Based Fourier Transform Infrared Microspectroscopy as a Tool for the Differentiation between Staphylococcal Small Colony Variants
Differences in Clinical Presentations of Omicron Infections with the Lineages BA.2 and BA.5 in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany, between April and July 2022
Enolase of Staphylococcus lugdunensis Is a Surface-Exposed Moonlighting Protein That Binds to Extracellular Matrix and the Plasminogen/Plasmin System
Protein Microarray-Guided Development of a Highly Sensitive and Specific Dipstick Assay for Glanders Serodiagnostics
Advanced Skin Antisepsis: Application of UVA-Cleavable Hydroxyethyl Starch Nanocapsules for Improved Eradication of Hair Follicle-Associated Microorganisms
Die Zukunft hat begonnen: punktgenaue, molekulare Infektionsprävention