Kacprowski, Tim	25121
Rare and low-frequency variants and their association with plasma levels of fibrinogen, FVII, FVIII, and vWF.
Multi-omic signature of body weight change: results from a population-based cohort study
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Associations of circulating plasma microRNAs with age, body mass index and sex in a population-based study.
Transcriptome alterations in X-irradiated human gingiva fibroblasts
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Directional dominance on stature and cognition in diverse human populations.
Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases.
Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals.
Exome Genotyping Identifies Pleiotropic Variants Associated with Red Blood Cell Traits.
Novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci implicated in epigenetic regulation.
Inferring causal molecular networks: empirical assessment through a community-based effort.
Inferring causal molecular networks: empirical assessment through a community-based effort.
Notions of similarity for systems biology models.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Genome-wide association study of caffeine metabolites provides new insights to caffeine metabolism and dietary caffeine-consumption behavior.
Gene-gene Interaction Analyses for Atrial Fibrillation.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
Profiling and validation of circulating microRNAs for cardiovascular events in patients presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Gene Expression Profiling in the APP/PS1KI Mouse Model of Familial Alzheimer's Disease.
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
A GWAS meta-analysis from 5 population-based cohorts implicates ion channel genes in the pathogenesis of irritable bowel syndrome.
Meta-analysis of human genome-microbiome association studies: the MiBioGen consortium initiative.
MicroRNA analysis of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors and metastases.
DNA methylation as a mediator of HLA-DRB1*15:01 and a protective variant in multiple sclerosis.
Genome Analyses of >200,000 Individuals Identify 58 Loci for Chronic Inflammation and Highlight Pathways that Link Inflammation and Complex Disorders.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Obese Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes Show Different Gut Microbial Functional Capacity and Composition.
Mendelian randomization evaluation of causal effects of fibrinogen on incident coronary heart disease.
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Association of proteome and metabolome signatures with severity in patients with community-acquired pneumonia.
Genetic studies of urinary metabolites illuminate mechanisms of detoxification and excretion in humans.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.