G?rtler, Diana	25780
Assessment of Problematic Internet Use by the Compulsive Internet Use Scale and the Internet Addiction Test: A Sample of Problematic and Pathological Gamblers.
Association of Sociodemographic, Psychopathological and Gambling-Related Factors with Treatment Utilization for Pathological Gambling.
Occurence of Internet Addiction in a General Population Sample: A Latent Class Analysis.
Factor structure of the compulsive internet use scale.
Validation of a pouch-mounted activPAL3 accelerometer.
The association between physical activity, sitting time, sleep duration, and sleep quality as correlates of presenteeism.
The "Pathological Gambling and Epidemiology" (PAGE) study program: design and fieldwork.
Characteristics associated with non-participation in 7-day accelerometry
Psychometrische Eigenschaften und Normierung der deutschen Version der Compulsive Internet Use Scale (CIUS)
Engagement and Nonusage Attrition With a Free Physical Activity Promotion Program: The Case of 10,000 Steps Australia.
Gewinnung von Jobcenter.Klienten für die Teilnahme an einem kardiopräventiven Untersuchungsprogramm
Agreement between activPAL3c accelerometers placed at different thigh positions.
Interest and preferences for using advanced physical activity tracking devices: results of a national cross-sectional survey.
Computergestützte Interventionen bei depressiven Symptomen. Eine Übersicht zu verfügbaren und evidenzbasierten Angeboten
Reach of Individuals at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease by Proactive Recruitment Strategies in General Practices, Job Centers, and Health Insurance.
Explaining the relation between pathological gambling and depression: Rumination as an underlying common cause
Proactive multipurpose health risk screening in health care settings: Methods, design, and reach.
Feasibility and acceptability of an intervention providing computer-generated tailored feedback to target alcohol consumption and depressive symptoms in proactively recruited health care patients and reactively recruited media volunteers: results of a pilot study
Do accelerometer-based physical activity patterns differentially affect cardiorespiratory fitness? A growth mixture modeling approach
Measurement invariance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test: establishing its factor structure in different settings and across gender
Copattern of depression and alcohol use in medical care patients: cross-sectional study in Germany
Latent alcohol use patterns and their link to depressive symptomatology in medical care patients.
Longitudinal measurement invariance of the patient health questionnaire in a German sample.
Association between Alcohol Consumption and Health-Related Quality of Life among Hospital and Ambulatory Care Patients with Past Year Depressive Symptoms
Associations of accelerometer-based sedentary bouts with adiposity markers among German adults - results from a cross-sectional study.
App-Based Coaching to Prevent Addictive Behaviors among Young Adults