John, Ulrich	258
GeKoKidS - Gesundheitskompetenz bei Kindern in der Schule [GeKo KidS - Health Literacy in School Children]
Assessment of Problematic Internet Use by the Compulsive Internet Use Scale and the Internet Addiction Test: A Sample of Problematic and Pathological Gamblers.
Association of Sociodemographic, Psychopathological and Gambling-Related Factors with Treatment Utilization for Pathological Gambling.
Occurence of Internet Addiction in a General Population Sample: A Latent Class Analysis.
Factor structure of the compulsive internet use scale.
High social support buffers the effects of 5-HTTLPR genotypes within social anxiety disorder
Hilfen zu problematischem Alkoholkonsum - Noch kommen wir zu spät
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Predictors of indoor smoking  in young children`s homes - a cross sectional study
Efficacy of Disseminating Educational Materials in General Practices
Individualisierte Beratung von Eltern in Kinderarztpraxen zur Reduktion der Passivrauchbelastung ihrer Kinder: eine Machbarkeitsstudie
The phenomenology of the first panic attack in clinical and community-based samples.
Evidenzbasierung in der Public Health Forschung: Herausforderungen der Tabakkontrolle
Alexithymia and brain gray matter volumes in a general population sample
Factors Associated with Secondhand Smoke Exposure Prevalence and Secondhand Smoke Level of Children Living with Parental Smokers: A Cross Sectional Study
The impact of childhood trauma on depression: does resilience matter? Population-based results from the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Suicidal events among pathological gamblers: The role of comorbidity of axis I and axis II disorders
A surveillance tool using mobile phone  short message service to reduce alcohol consumption among alcohol-dependent patients
Does stage tailoring matter in brief alcohol interventions for job-seekers? A randomized controlled trial.
Patterns of health risk behaviors among job-seekers: a latent class analysis.
The impact of a stage tailored intervention on alcohol use trajectories among those who do not intend to change.
Reducing tobacco smoke exposure in children aged below 4years - a randomized controlled trial.
Mobiltelefonische Interventionen nach Entzugsbehandlung alkoholabhängiger Patienten
Inanspruchnahme von Rehabilitationsleistungen bei pathologischen Glücksspielern
A pilot study on the feasibility and acceptability of a text message-based aftercare treatment programme among alcohol outpatients.
The "Pathological Gambling and Epidemiology" (PAGE) study program: design and fieldwork.
Characteristics associated with non-participation in 7-day accelerometry
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
Verhaltensbasierte Prävention chronischer Krankheiten [Behavior-based prevention of chronic diseases]
Belief incongruence and the intention-behavior gap in persons with at-risk alcohol use.
Psychometrische Eigenschaften und Normierung der deutschen Version der Compulsive Internet Use Scale (CIUS)
Alterations in DNA-methylation of the dopamine-receptor 2 gene are associated with abstinence and health care utilization in individuals with a lifetime history of pathologic gambling.
Social support and the serotonin transporter genotype (5-HTTLPR) moderate levels of resilience, sense of coherence, and depression.
The Stability of Social Desirability: A Latent Change Analysis.
Thresholds of probable problematic gambling involvement for the German population: Results of the Pathological Gambling and Epidemiology (PAGE) Study
Occupational exposure to asbestos is associated with increased mortality in men recruited for a population-based study in Germany.
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
Persönliche vs. computerbasierte Alkoholintervention für Krankenhauspatienten: Studiendesign
Liver cirrhosis mortality, alcohol consumption and tobacco consumption over a 62 year period in a high alcohol consumption country: a trend analysis.
Lung cancer mortality and years of potential life lost among males and females over six decades in a country with high smoking prevalence: an observational study.
Demographic Risk Factors and Gambling Preference May Not Explain the High Prevalence of Gambling Problems Among the Population with Migration Background: Results from a German Nationwide Survey.
Gewinnung von Jobcenter.Klienten für die Teilnahme an einem kardiopräventiven Untersuchungsprogramm
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
Type of gambling as an independent risk factor for suicidal events in pathological gamblers.
Age- and Sex-Specific Trends in Lung Cancer Mortality over 62 Years in a Nation with a Low Effort in Cancer Prevention.
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
[Migration Background and Pathological Gambling: Results of a Nationwide Epidemiological Study on the Impact of Region of Origin in Germany].
Motivating smokers to quit using computer-generated letters that target either reduction or cessation: A population-based randomized controlled trial among smokers who do not intend to quit.
Dopamine-receptor 2 gene-methylation and gambling behavior in relation to impulsivity.
In-person and computer-based alcohol interventions at general hospitals: reach and retention.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
The inverse link between genetic risk for schizophrenia and migraine through NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor activation via D-serine.
Körperliche Aktivität und Reduktion von Sitzzeiten im Alltag
The association between Internet addiction and personality disorders in a general population-based sample.
Computergestützte Interventionen bei depressiven Symptomen. Eine Übersicht zu verfügbaren und evidenzbasierten Angeboten
Reach of Individuals at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease by Proactive Recruitment Strategies in General Practices, Job Centers, and Health Insurance.
„Du und ich ohne Rauch“ – Implementation und Umsetzung einer Kurzberatung zum Rauchverzicht in Schwangerschaftsberatungsstellen ['You and I Smoke-free': Implementation and Provision of Brief Smoking Counseling Program in Pregnancy Counseling Centers].
Associations of specific psychiatric disorders with isolated focal dystonia, and monogenic and idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Who benefits from computer-based brief alcohol intervention? Day-to-day drinking patterns as a moderator of intervention efficacy.
Does impaired mental health interfere with the outcome of brief alcohol intervention at general hospitals?
Socioeconomic factors and heavy drinking over the course of the week among job seekers with at-risk alcohol use.
Motivierung zu körperlicher Aktivität und Tabakrauchverzicht bei Patientinnen und Patienten mit hochnormalem Blutdruck
In-Person Alcohol Counseling Versus Computer-Generated Feedback: Results From a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Do brief alcohol interventions among unemployed at-risk drinkers increase re-employment after 15 month?
[Trends of Tobacco and Alcohol Consumption over 65 Years in Germany].
Visualization of Intensity Levels to Reduce the Gap Between Self-Reported and Directly Measured Physical Activity
Inanspruchnahme kostenfreier verschreibungspflichtiger Verhütungsmittel durch Frauen - Ergebnisse eines Modellprojekts in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
How alcohol use problem severity affects the outcome of brief intervention delivered in-person versus through computer-generated feedback letters.
Alkohol ist ein gefährliches Produkt
The effect of online gambling on gambling problems and resulting economic health costs in Germany.
Pitfalls in accelerometer-based measurement of physical activity: The presence of reactivity in an adult population.
A cross-sectional analysis of the associations between leisure-time sedentary behaviors and clustered cardiometabolic risk.
Konsum bedeutet immer Risiko
Effect of blood pressure and total cholesterol measurement on risk prediction using the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation (SCORE)
Die Inanspruchnahme gynäkologischer Krebsfrüherkennungsuntersuchungen bei 20- bis 35-jährigen Frauen mit Bezug sozialer Transferleistungen nach Sozialgesetzbuch II
Diagnostic Performance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) in Detecting DSM-5 Alcohol Use Disorders in the General Population
Explaining the relation between pathological gambling and depression: Rumination as an underlying common cause
Novel genetic associations for blood pressure identified via gene-alcohol interaction in up to 570K individuals across multiple ancestries.
Proactive expert system intervention to prevent or quit at-risk alcohol use (PRINT): study protocol of a randomized controlled trial
Patterns of accelerometer-based sedentary behavior and their association with cardiorespiratory fitness in adults
Can brief alcohol interventions in general hospital inpatients improve mental and general health over 2 years? Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Short-term stability of different drinking patterns over the course of four weeks among adults. A latent transition analysis.
Health Risk Behavior Patterns in a National Adult Population Survey.
Proactive multipurpose health risk screening in health care settings: Methods, design, and reach.
The role of self-esteem in Internet addiction within the context of comorbid mental disorders: Findings from a general population-based sample.
The effect of mere measurement from a cardiovascular examination program on physical activity and sedentary time in an adult population.
Feasibility and acceptability of an intervention providing computer-generated tailored feedback to target alcohol consumption and depressive symptoms in proactively recruited health care patients and reactively recruited media volunteers: results of a pilot study
Does prior recall of past week alcohol use affect screening results for at-risk drinking? Findings from a randomized study.
Suizidalität bei Menschen mit pathologischem Glücksspiel
Do accelerometer-based physical activity patterns differentially affect cardiorespiratory fitness? A growth mixture modeling approach
Measurement invariance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test: establishing its factor structure in different settings and across gender
Association between the use of free-of-charge intrauterine devices and a history of induced abortion: A retrospective study
Behavioral health risk factor profiles in general hospital patients: identifying the need for screening and brief intervention
Context matters: On the importance of context-specific analysis for the use of screening questionnaires.
Mental disorders and total mortality after 20 years in an adult general population sample.
Stability of at-risk alcohol use screening in a general population sample.
Copattern of depression and alcohol use in medical care patients: cross-sectional study in Germany
Sick days in general hospital patients two years after brief alcohol intervention: Secondary outcomes from a randomized controlled trial
Do sociodemographic variables and cardiometabolic risk factors moderate the mere-measurement effect on physical activity and sedentary time?
Measurement Reactivity Of Accelerometer-based Sedentary Behavior and Physical Activity in 2 Assessment Periods
Brief alcohol intervention at a municipal registry office: reach and retention.
Alkoholscreening und Kurzintervention im Krankenhaus (ASKI): Erreichung von Patient*innen und Wirksamkeit.
Latent alcohol use patterns and their link to depressive symptomatology in medical care patients.
Effect of a 1-year short message service in detoxified alcohol-dependent patients: a multi-center, open-label randomized controlled trial.
Longitudinal measurement invariance of the patient health questionnaire in a German sample.
Die Adhärenz Erwachsener an der Bewegungsaufzeichnung über 7 Tage mittels Akzelerometer
Effects of a brief alcohol intervention addressing the full spectrum of drinking in an adult general population sample: a randomized controlled trial.
Alcohol abstinence and mortality in a general population sample of adults in Germany: A cohort study.
Social Equity in the Efficacy of Computer-Based and In-Person Brief Alcohol Interventions Among General Hospital Patients With At-Risk Alcohol Use: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Gender and Age in Gambling Participation, Gambling Onset, and Problematic Gambling in a General Population Sample: Empirical Findings from Germany
Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Motivation to Change among Cardiovascular General Hospital Patients Aged 50 to 79 Years
The role of tobacco smoking in the efficacy of brief alcohol intervention: Results from a randomized controlled trial
Severity of alcohol dependence and mortality after 20 years in an adult general population sample.
The Moderating Effect of Educational Background on the Efficacy of a Computer-Based Brief Intervention Addressing the Full Spectrum of Alcohol Use: Randomized Controlled Trial.
The Role of Sex and Age in Moderating the Outcome of In-Person and Computer-Based Brief Alcohol Interventions at General Hospitals: Reanalysis of a Brief Intervention Study
Sensitivity analyses for data missing at random versus missing not at random using latent growth modelling: a practical guide for randomised controlled trials
Investigating the Association Between the Co-Occurrence of Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Sick Days in General Hospital Patients
Proactive Automatized Lifestyle intervention (PAL) in general hospital patients: Study protocol of a single-group trial
Association between Alcohol Consumption and Health-Related Quality of Life among Hospital and Ambulatory Care Patients with Past Year Depressive Symptoms
Three-year trajectories of alcohol use among at-risk and among low-risk drinkers in a general population sample of adults: A latent class growth analysis of a brief intervention trial
Health behaviors of general hospital patients with at-risk alcohol use: Change over two years after discharge
Associations of accelerometer-based sedentary bouts with adiposity markers among German adults - results from a cross-sectional study.
Internet Use Disorders: Subjective Importance of Online Friends in the Context of Real-Life Social Support and Comorbid Mental Disorders.
The Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test and Mortality 20 Years later