Winter, Theresa	26955
Zaburzenia mitochondrialnego utlenia kwasow tluszczowych, w tym zespol VLCADD, w dobie badan przesiewowych noworodkow - wcale nie tak rzadkie rozpoznania
SCREENING FOR CYSTIC FIBROSIS IN NORTHERN GERMANY. DETECTION OF PROBLEMS AFTER IMPLEMENTATION IN A WHOLE FEDERAL STATE
Erfahrungen bei der Einführung des Mukoviszidose-Screenings in Mecklenburg/Vorpommern – Was muss vor der Einführung des bundesweiten Screenings noch geklärt werden ?
Neubeborenenscreening auf Mukoviszidose in M-V Ergebnisse und Erfahrungen
Kennen Sie Ihr Labor? Ein Weg zur Selbstbewertung in medizinischen Laboratorien nach dem EFQM-Modell
Einführung des CF-Screenings in Deutschland - was ist für den niedergelassenen Pädiater wichtig?
Long-term stability of glucose: 96-h study using Terumo Glycaemia tubes
Extending laboratory automation to the wards: effect of an innovative pneumatic tube system on diagnostic samples and transport time
3 Jahre Mukoviszidose-Screening für Neugeborene in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Ein Erfahrungsbericht für die bundesweite Einführung
Neugeborenenscreening auf Mukoviszidose in M-V: Ergebnisse und Erfahrungen
The 99th percentile and imprecision of point-of-care cardiac troponin I in comparison to central laboratory tests in a large reference population
Contamination of dried blood spots - an underestimated risk in newborn screening.
Long-term stability of glucose: glycolysis inhibitor vs. gel barrier tubes.
Zystische Fibrose
Save the Children by Treating Their Mothers (PriVileG-M-Study) - Study Protocol: A Sequentially Randomized Controlled Trial of Individualized Psychotherapy and Telemedicine to Reduce Mental Stress in Pregnant Women and Young Mothers and to Improve Child's Health
Predicting rehospitalization within 2 years of initial patient admission for a major depressive episode: a multimodal machine learning approach.
Relevant criteria for the selection of cryotubes. Experiences from the German National Cohort
Integrated biobanks facilitate high-quality collection and analysis of liquid biomaterials
The Integrated Research Biobank of the University Medicine Greifswald
Newborn Screening for SCID and Other Severe Primary Immunodeficiency in the Polish-German Transborder Area: Experience From the First 14 Months of Collaboration.
Harmonization of Biobank Education for Biobank Technicians: Identification of Learning Objectives
Relative Efficacy of Different Strategies for Inhibition of in Vitro Glycolysis.
Blood Product Supply for a Helicopter Emergency Medical Service
Stakeholder engagement to ensure the sustainability of biobanks: a survey of potential users of biobank services.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Relative Wirksamkeit verschiedener Vorgehensweisen zur Hemmung der in-vitro-Glykolyse