Palankar R	26965
Micropatterned array to assess the interaction of single platelets with platelet factor 4-heparin-IgG complexes.
Human neutrophil antigen-3a antibodies induce neutrophil stiffening and conformational activation of CD11b without shedding of L-selectin.
3D Micropillars Guide the Mechanobiology of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Stem Cell Mechanobiology: 3D Micropillars Guide the Mechanobiology of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes (Adv. Healthcare Mater. 3/2016).
Rupture Forces among Human Blood Platelets at different Degrees of Activation.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Specific Capture of Peptide-Receptive Major Histocompatibility Complex Class I Molecules by Antibody Micropatterns Allows for a Novel Peptide-Binding Assay in Live Cells.
Magnetic Nanoparticle Labeling of Human Platelets from Platelet Concentrates for Recovery and Survival Studies
Guidelines for the use of flow cytometry and cell sorting in immunological studies.
Platelets kill bacteria by bridging innate and adaptive immunity via PF4 and Fc?RIIA.
Secreted Immunomodulatory Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus Activate Platelets and Induce Platelet Aggregation.
Interaction between the Staphylococcus aureus extracellular adherence protein Eap and its subdomains with platelets.
The apelin receptor influences biomechanical and morphological properties of endothelial cells.
Challenging the concept of immunothrombosis.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
Novel phenotypes observed in patients with -linked leukaemia/familial thrombocytopenia syndrome and a biallelic  risk allele as leukaemogenic cofactor.
Activated platelets kill Staphylococcus aureus, but not Streptococcus pneumoniae - The role of Fc?RIIa and platelet factor 4/heparin-antibodies.
Quantifying single-platelet biomechanics: An outsider's guide to biophysical methods and recent advances.
Label-free on chip quality assessment of cellular blood products using real-time deformability cytometry
Pneumolysin induces platelet destruction, not platelet activation, which can be prevented by immunoglobulin preparations in vitro.
Role of Platelet Cytoskeleton in Platelet Biomechanics: Current and Emerging Methodologies and Their Potential Relevance for the Investigation of Inherited Platelet Disorders.
Function of Large and Small Platelets Differs, Depending on Extracellular Calcium Availability and Type of Inductor.
Platelet Shape Changes during Thrombus Formation: Role of Actin-Based Protrusions.
Anti-Platelet Factor 4 Antibodies Causing VITT do not Cross-React with SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein
The Copenhagen founder variant GP1BA c.58T>G is the most frequent cause of inherited thrombocytopenia in Denmark.
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Polyvalent immunoglobulin preparations inhibit pneumolysin-induced platelet destruction.
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
Author correction: Ex vivo anticoagulants affect human blood platelet biomechanics with implications for high-throughput functional mechanophenotyping
Specific inhibition of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 affects multiple signaling pathways and thrombus formation in human platelets.
?-hemolysin of Staphylococcus aureus impairs thrombus formation.
Divalent magnesium restores cytoskeletal storage lesions in cold-stored platelet concentrates.
The deglycosylated form of 1E12 inhibits platelet activation and prothrombotic effects induced by VITT antibodies.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Reduced platelet forces underlie impaired hemostasis in mouse models of -related disease.