Mundt, Torsten	272
Biomechanics and load resistance of small-diameter and mini dental implants: a review of literature.
Clinical response of edentulous people treated with mini dental implants in nine dental practices.
The randomized shortened dental arch study: oral health-related quality of life.
Occlusion of artificial teeth in partial dentures in the "chewing center"--first exploratory population-based evaluations.
The randomized shortened dental arch study: temporomandibular disorder pain.
Single dental implant retained mandibular complete dentures--influence of the loading protocol: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Changes in Bone Levels Around Mini-Implants in Edentulous Arches.
Bone stability around dental implants: Treatment related factors.
Stabilisierung von Teilprothesen mit Mini-Implantaten - 2 Fallbeispiele
Randomisierte Studie zur verkürzten Zahnreihe: Zahnverlust nach 8 Jahren.
The randomized shortened dental arch study: influence of two different treatments on interdental spacing over 5 years.
Miniimplantate zur Stabilisierung von herausnehmbarem Zahnersatz
Miniimplantate zur Stabilisierung von abnehmbarem Zahnersatz.
Development and testing of satisfaction questionnaires for patients with removable dental prostheses.
Single mandibular implant study (SMIS) - masticatory performance - results from a randomized clinical trial using two different loading protocols.
Reproducibility of a New Computerized Planimetric Method for the Measurement and Assessment of Removable Dental Prostheses Plaque.
The influence of implant body and thread design of mini dental implants on the loading of surrounding bone: a finite element analysis.
Single Mandibular Implant Study: Recruitment Considerations.
The Randomized Shortened Dental Arch Study: Tooth Loss Over 10 Years.
Prosthetic Tooth Replacement in a German Population Over the Course of 11 Years: Results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
Applicability of Computerized Planimetric Method in Estimating Plaque Accumulation and Efficacy of a Cleaning Method for Removable Dental Prostheses.
The single mandibular implant study - Short-term effects of the loading protocol on Oral Health-related Quality of Life.
Impact of shortened dental arch on oral health-related quality of life over a period of 10 years - A randomized controlled trial.
Vollkeramik aller Munde. Gesellschaft für ZMK und Landesverband DGI unter einem Dach. Tagungsbericht
Digitale Abformung im zahnärztlichen Studium
Stabilizing mandibular complete dentures by a single midline implant-influence on quality of life: 2-year results from a randomized clinical trial comparing different loading protocols.
Aufklärung des Patienten vor implantatprothetischer Therapie.
Endodontologie im Fokus. Symposiumsbericht.
Wandelbar gestalten. Anforderungen an implantatgestützten Zahnersatz bei Senioren.
Wandelbar gestalten. Anforderungen an implantatgestützten Zahnersatz bei Senioren
Periodontal health in shortened dental arches: A 10-year RCT
The lingual foramina, a potential risk in oral surgery. A retrospective analysis of location and anatomic variability
Stabilizing Removable Partial Dentures by Immediate or Delayed Loading of Mini-implants: Chewing Efficiency in a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial
Immediate versus delayed loading of strategic mini-implants under existing removable partial dentures: patient satisfaction in a multi-center randomized clinical trial
Nachuntersuchung von Patienten mit Miniimplantaten zur Stabilisierung von vorhandenen Teilprothesen.
Follow-up examination of patients with mini-implants for the stabilization of existing removable partial dentures.
70 Jahre ZMK MV. Blick in die interessante und wechselvolle Geschichte
Randomized trial in split-mouth design to evaluate the effectiveness of manual and machine-aided cleaning of removable partial dentures
Validity and reliability of new instruments for measuring patient satisfaction with removable dentures, Arabic Version
Impact of Shortened Dental Arch on Oral Health-Related Quality of Life
Rehabilitation of shortened dental arches: A fifteen-year randomised trial
Prof. Dr. Torsten Mundt und Prof. Dr. Thomas Kocher zum Zahnärztetag
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Jubiläum des Greifswalder Symposiums. 25.Fachtagung konnte endlich begangen werden
ZMKMV-Vorstand bei Wahl bestätigt. Mitgliederversammlung legt auch neue Beitragsordnung fest.