Marx, Sascha	27421
Primary leptomeningeal melanoma of the cervical spine mimicking a meningioma-a case report.
Expression of S1P metabolizing enzymes and receptors correlate with survival time and regulate cell migration in glioblastoma multiforme
3 Tesla Kinematic MRI of the Cervical Spine for Evaluation of Adjacent Level Disease after Monosegmental Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Arthroplasty: Results of 2-Year Follow-up".
Neuroendoscopic approach to intracranial ependymal cysts.
Neuroendoscopic stent placement for cerebrospinal fluid pathway obstructions in adults.
Cement leakage in pedicle screw augmentation: a prospective analysis of 98 patients and 474 augmented pedicle screws.
Association of glioblastoma multiforme stem cell characteristics, differentiation and microglia marker genes with patient survival
The value of endoscope assistance during transcranial surgery for tuberculum sellae meningiomas
Four-hand suction-irrigation technique leads to gross total resection and long-term-progression free survival in fourth ventricular ependymoma.
Sphingosine 1-Phosphate (S1P) Signaling in Glioblastoma Multiforme – a systematic Review
Endoscopic Third Ventriculostomy prior to posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Platelet activation and platelet-leucocyte-conjugate formation in the blood of glioblastoma patients
Frequency and treatment of hydrocephalus prior to and after posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Value of endoscopic visualization during Microvascular Decompression in Management of Hemifacial Spasm caused by Vertebrobasilar Dolichoectasia
Long-term Reliability of Neuroendoscopic Aqueductoplasty in Idiopathic Aqueductal Stenosis related Hydrocephalus
Letter to the editor – Transcranial versus endonasal approaches in tuberculum sellae meningioma surgery
Incidence of and Causes for Ventriculoperitoneal Shunt Failure in Children Younger Than 2 Years: A Systematic Review.
The Role of Platelets in Cancer Pathophysiology: Focus on Malignant Glioma.
Neuroblastoma with intracerebral metastases and the need for neurosurgery: a single-center experience
Primary leptomeningeal melanocytic tumors of the spine: report of two cases and review of the literature
Intramedullary bronchogenic cyst in the foramen magnum region accompanied with syringomyelia: A case report and literature review.
GD2 targeting by dinutuximab beta is a promising immunotherapeutic approach against malignant glioma.
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?
ETV in infancy and childhood below 2 years of age for treatment of hydrocephalus.
Endoscopic bimanual sharp dissection technique for gross-total resection of colloid cysts: technical note.
Arachnoid bands and venous compression as rare causes of hemifacial spasm: analysis of etiology in 353 patients.
PIM1 Inhibition Affects Glioblastoma Stem Cell Behavior and Kills Glioblastoma Stem-like Cells
Outcome of Endoscope-Assisted Microvascular Decompression in Patients With Hemifacial Spasm Caused by Severe Indentation of the Brain Stem at the Pontomedullary Sulcus by the Posterior Inferior Cerebellar Artery.
Preoperative Thrombocytosis is Not Associated with Overall Survival in 309 Glioblastoma Patients.
Benefits of Endoscopic Sheath in Intraventricular Neuroendoscopy: Technical Note.
Long-term quality of life after ETV or ETV with consecutive VP shunt placement in hydrocephalic pediatric patients
Platelet-Derived S1P and Its Relevance for the Communication with Immune Cells in Multiple Human Diseases
Immunophenotyping of Circulating and Intratumoral Myeloid and T Cells in Glioblastoma Patients
Pineal cysts without hydrocephalus: microsurgical resection via an infratentorial-supracerebellar approach-surgical strategies, complications, and their avoidance.
Purely venous compression in trigeminal neuralgia-can we predict the outcome of surgery.
Does physical activity provoke CNS cavernomas to become symptomatic?
Devitalization of Glioblastoma Cancer Cells by Non-invasive Physical Plasma: Modulation of Proliferative Signalling Cascades