Kim, Simon	31667
The palmar approach for PIP-arthroplasty according to Simmen: results after 8 years follow-up.
Rehabilitation after flexor tendon injuries of the hand
Drug resistance in cortical and hippocampal slices from resected tissue of epilepsy patients: no significant impact of p-glycoprotein and multidrug resistance-associated proteins.
Begutachtung der neuen Berufserkrankung Karpaltunnelsyndrom BK 2113
MR microscopy of the human fetal upper extremity - a proof-of-principle study.
[Scaphoid pseudarthrosis : Indications for avascular iliac crest or radius bone grafts].
[Pedicled vascularized bone graft for scaphoid reconstruction after Zaidemberg].
Diagnostik und Therapie perilunärer Luxationen und Luxationsfrakturen
Consensus on wound antisepsis: Update 2018
Consensus Recommendation: Indications and methods for microbiological wound diagnostics
[Arthrodesis of the proximal interphalangeal joint - a review]
Biomechanical comparison of the proximal interphalangeal joint arthrodesis using a compression wire
Superselective angiography of the wrist in patients with Kienbock's disease
Subcritical Fluid Chromatography at Sub-Ambient Temperatures for the Chiral Resolution of Ketamine Metabolites with Rapid-Onset Antidepressant Effects
Subcritical Fluid Chromatography at Sub-Ambient Temperatures for the Chiral Resolution of Ketamine Metabolites with Rapid-Onset Antidepressant Effects
Freie Fibulatransplantation zur knöchernen Rekonstruktion an der oberen Extremität
Single versus dual Kirschner wires for closed reduction and intramedullary nailing of displaced fractures of the fifth metacarpal neck (1-2 KiWi): a randomized controlled trial.
Hyperspectral imaging demonstrates microcirculatory effects of postoperative exercise therapy in Dupuytren's disease
Shoulder girdle injuries involving the medial clavicle differ from lateral clavicle injuries with a focus on concomitant injuries and management strategies: A retrospective study based on nationwide routine data
Proximal interphalangeal joint arthrodesis using a compression wire: A comparative biomechanical studyArthrodèse de l’articulation interphalangienne proximale par un fil de compression : étude comparative biomécanique
Clinical and radiological follow-up after free vascularised fibula transplantation for bone defects of the upper extremity with MRI and MR-angiography
Detection of fractures of hand and forearm in whole-body CT for suspected polytrauma in intubated patients
[Pedicled vascularized iliac bone graft for treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head].
Digital versus analogue record Systems for mass casualty incidents at sea.Results from an exploratory study
Comparison of Calculated Skin Doses in Cineradiography and Four Dimensional Kinematic Computed Tomography of the Wrist
Die Bedeutung von klavikulären Gelenkverletzungen beim Schwerverletzten - Analysen aus dem TraumaRegister DGU ®.
Results of a special interdisciplinary hand therapy program for work-related injuries
Pedicled vascularized iliac bone graft for treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head
ACTION trial: a prospective study on diagnostic Accuracy of 4D CT for diagnosing Instable ScaphOlunate DissociatioN
Increase of weight-bearing capacity of patients with lesions of the TFCC using a wrist brace
[Input of the start on the result of a special interdisciplinary rehabilitation program for work-related injuries of the hand]
Infektionen an der Hand nach Bissverletzungen
Detection of missed fractures of hand and forearm in whole-body CT in a blinded reassessment
[Septic Arthritis of the Hand and Wrist].
[Osteitis/Osteomyelitis of the Hand and Wrist].
Supercritical fluid extraction-supercritical fluid chromatography of saliva: Single-quadrupole mass spectrometry monitoring of caffeine for gastric emptying studies.
Incidence and underreporting of osseous wrist and hand injuries on whole-body computed tomographies at a level 1 trauma center.
Increase of weight-bearing capacity of patients with lesions of the TFCC using a wrist brace.
Intramedullary Single-Kirschner-Wire Fixation in Displaced Fractures of the Fifth Metacarpal Neck (Boxer's Fracture).
Superselective Catheter Angiographies of the Wrist (SCAW): Approaches for Vascularized Bone Grafts.