Weitschies, Werner	32711
Advances in Coronary Stent Technology - Active Drug-Loaded Stent Surfaces for Prevention of Restenosis and Improvement of Biocompatibility.
In Vitro Dissolution Testing of Drug-Eluting Stents.
Intragastric volume changes after intake of a high-caloric, high-fat standard breakfast in healthy human subjects investigated by MRI.
Feasibility of gadoxetate disodium-enhanced MR cholangiography in chronic cholestatic biliary disease.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Binding of anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies depends on the thermodynamics of conformational changes in platelet factor 4.
Targeted adsorption of molecules in the colon with the novel adsorbent-based Medicinal Product, DAV132: A proof of concept study in healthy subjects.
Dissolution of mesalazine modified release tablets under standard and bio-relevant test conditions.
Investigation of pH and Temperature Profiles in the GI Tract of Fasted Human Subjects Using the Intellicap(®) System.
The influence of hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) molecular weight, concentration and effect of food on in vivo erosion behavior of HPMC matrix tablets.
Bio-relevant dissolution testing of hard capsules prepared from different shell materials using the dynamic open flow through test apparatus.
In vivo methods for drug absorption - comparative physiologies, model selection, correlations with in vitro methods (IVIVC), and applications for formulation/API/excipient characterization including food effects.
PBPK models for the prediction of in vivo performance of oral dosage forms.
Development of a bio-relevant dissolution test device simulating mechanical aspects present in the fed stomach.
In vitro models for the prediction of in vivo performance of oral dosage forms.
Design, development and in-vitro evaluation of diclofenac taste-masked orodispersible tablet formulations.
Release characteristics of quetiapine fumarate extended release tablets under biorelevant stress test conditions.
Development of a pressure-sensitive glyceryl tristearate capsule filled with a drug-containing hydrogel.
Extended-release but not immediate-release and subcutaneous methylnaltrexone antagonizes the loperamide-induced delay of the whole-gut transit time in healthy subjects.
Intragastric pH and pressure profiles after intake on the high-caloric, high-fat meal as used for food effect studies
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
Rapid Tolerance to Constipating Effects of Loperamide in Healthy Subjects.
Simultaneous magnetic resonance imaging and pharmacokinetic analysis of intramuscular depots.
Navigating the human gastrointestinal tract for oral drug delivery: Uncharted waters and new frontiers.
Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Erratum to: Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Resolving the physiological conditions in bioavailability and bioequivalence studies: comparison of fasted and fed state.
Pharmacokinetics of 1-methyl-L-tryptophan after single and repeated subcutaneous application in a porcine model.
Trospium chloride is absorbed from two intestinal "absorption windows" with different permeability in healthy subjects.
Low dose caffeine as a salivary tracer for the determination of gastric water emptying in fed and fasted state: A MRI validation study
Effects of 1-Methyltryptophan on Immune Responses and the Kynurenine Pathway after Lipopolysaccharide Challenge in Pigs.
Combined Application of MRI and the Salivary Tracer Technique to Determine the in Vivo Disintegration Time of Immediate Release Formulation Administered to Healthy, Fasted Subjects
Comparison of In Vitro and In Vivo Results Using the GastroDuo and the Salivary Tracer Technique: Immediate Release Dosage Forms under Fasting Conditions
In vivo characterization of enTRinsic™ drug delivery technology capsule after intake in fed state: A cross-validation approach using salivary tracer technique in comparison to MRI.
The Effect of Capsule-in-Capsule Combinations on In Vivo Disintegration in Human Volunteers: A Combined Imaging and Salivary Tracer Study
In Vivo Evaluation of a Gastro-Resistant HPMC-Based "Next Generation Enteric" Capsule.
Impact of Tablet Size and Shape on the Swallowability in Older Adults.