Hecker M	32979
Pathophysiology of staphylococci in the post-genomic era.
Influence of Impaired Lipoprotein Biogenesis on Surface and Exoproteome of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Adaptation of Bacillus subtilis carbon core metabolism to simultaneous nutrient limitation and osmotic challenge: a multi-omics perspective.
Activation of the alternative sigma factor SigB of Staphylococcus aureus following internalization by epithelial cells - an in vivo proteomics perspective.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Deletion of membrane-associated Asp23 leads to upregulation of cell wall stress genes in Staphylococcus aureus.
A time resolved metabolomics study: the influence of different carbon sources during growth and starvation of Bacillus subtilis.
Picking vanished proteins from the void: how to collect and ship/share extremely dilute proteins in a reproducible and highly efficient manner
Mercaptosuccinate metabolism in Variovorax paradoxus strain B4--a proteomic approach
Bacillus pumilus reveals a remarkably high resistance to hydrogen peroxide provoked oxidative stress
Cell physiology of the biotechnological relevant bacterium Bacillus pumilus-An omics-based approach
Functional analysis of novel Rab GTPases identified in the proteome of purified Legionella-containing vacuoles from macrophages
Highly precise quantification of protein molecules per cell during stress and starvation responses in Bacillus subtilis
A closer look on the polyhydroxybutyrate- (PHB-) negative phenotype of Ralstonia eutropha PHB-4
The role of thiol oxidative stress response in heat-induced protein aggregate formation during thermotolerance in Bacillus subtilis
Secretome analysis revealed adaptive and non-adaptive responses of the Staphylococcus carnosus femB mutant
Microarray based identification of human antibodies against Staphylococcus aureus antigens.
High-resolution proteome maps of Bacillus licheniformis cells growing in minimal medium
Comprehensive proteome analysis of Actinoplanes sp. SE50/110 highlighting the location of proteins encoded by the acarbose and the pyochelin biosynthesis gene cluster
A comprehensive genomic, transcriptomic and proteomic analysis of a hyperosmotic stress sensitive alpha-proteobacterium
A peptide resource for the analysis of Staphylococcus aureus in host-pathogen interaction studies.
Time-Resolved Analysis of Cytosolic and Surface-Associated Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus HG001 under Planktonic and Biofilm Conditions.
Quantitative prediction of genome-wide resource allocation in bacteria
Specific serum IgG at diagnosis of Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream invasion is correlated with disease progression.
Staphylococcus aureus Transcriptome Architecture: From Laboratory to Infection-Mimicking Conditions.
Staphylococcal serine protease-like proteins are pacemakers of allergic airway reactions to Staphylococcus aureus.
Costs of life - Dynamics of the protein inventory of Staphylococcus aureus during anaerobiosis.
Global analysis of the impact of linezolid onto virulence factor production in S. aureus USA300.
The protein inventory of Clostridium difficile grown in complex and minimal medium
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
Stability of Proteins Out of Service: the GapB Case of Bacillus subtilis.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
From the genome sequence via the proteome to cell physiology - Pathoproteomics and pathophysiology of Staphylococcus aureus.
From the genome sequence via the proteome to cell physiology - Pathoproteomics and pathophysiology of Staphylococcus aureus.
Exoproteome Analysis of Human Pathogenic Dermatophyte Species and Identification of Immunoreactive Proteins.
Comprehensive absolute quantification of the cytosolic proteome of Bacillus subtilis by data independent, parallel fragmentation in liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS(E))
The phosphoproteome and its physiological dynamics in Staphylococcus aureus
The Staphylococcus aureus proteome
Fur is the master regulator of the extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli response to serum
Proteomic analysis of the Simkania-containing vacuole: the central role of retrograde transport
Toward the Quantitative Characterization of Arginine Phosphorylations in Staphylococcus aureus