Bernhardt, J?rg	33871
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Highly precise quantification of protein molecules per cell during stress and starvation responses in Bacillus subtilis
Altering gene expression by aminocoumarins: the role of DNA supercoiling in Staphylococcus aureus
Visual account of protein investment in cellular functions
A metaproteomics approach to elucidate host and pathogen protein expression during catheter-associated urinary tract infections (CAUTIs)
A comprehensive genomic, transcriptomic and proteomic analysis of a hyperosmotic stress sensitive alpha-proteobacterium
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
A peptide resource for the analysis of Staphylococcus aureus in host-pathogen interaction studies.
Host Contributions to Construction of Three Device-Associated Candida albicans Biofilms.
Pan-Tetris: an interactive visualisation for Pan-genomes.
Time-Resolved Analysis of Cytosolic and Surface-Associated Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus HG001 under Planktonic and Biofilm Conditions.
Modelling antibiotic and cytotoxic isoquinoline effects in Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis and mammalian cells
Novel entries in a fungal biofilm matrix encyclopedia
Costs of life - Dynamics of the protein inventory of Staphylococcus aureus during anaerobiosis.
Global analysis of the impact of linezolid onto virulence factor production in S. aureus USA300.
Symbiotic Interplay of Fungi, Algae, and Bacteria within the Lung Lichen Lobaria pulmonaria L. Hoffm. as Assessed by State-of-the-Art Metaproteomics.
A proteomic approach for the identification of immunotoxic properties of Tulipalin A.
Impact of Dietary Resistant Starch on the Human Gut Microbiome, Metaproteome, and Metabolome.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
Holistic Assessment of Rumen Microbiome Dynamics through Quantitative Metatranscriptomics Reveals Multifunctional Redundancy during Key Steps of Anaerobic Feed Degradation.
Modulation of Protein S-Nitrosylation by Isoprene Emission in Poplar.
Life Stage-specific Proteomes of Legionella pneumophila Reveal a Highly Differential Abundance of Virulence-associated Dot/Icm effectors.
Monitoring global protein thiol-oxidation and protein S-mycothiolation in Mycobacterium smegmatis under hypochlorite stress
The glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase GapDH of Corynebacterium diphtheriae is redox-controlled by protein S -mycothiolation under oxidative stress
The Disulfide Stress Response and Protein -thioallylation Caused by Allicin and Diallyl Polysulfanes in  as Revealed by Transcriptomics and Proteomics.
Improved Wound Healing of Airway Epithelial Cells Is Mediated by Cold Atmospheric Plasma: A Time Course-Related Proteome Analysis.
An optimized metaproteomics protocol for a holistic taxonomic and functional characterization of microbial communities from marine particles.
Tryptic Shaving of Staphylococcus aureus Unveils Immunodominant Epitopes on the Bacterial Cell Surface
Fur is the master regulator of the extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli response to serum
Influenza A H1N1 induced disturbance of the respiratory and fecal microbiome of german landrace pigs - a multi-omics characterization