Zimmermann, Uwe	342
Übersicht – Therapie von Hodentumoren
Androgen receptor (AR) inhibitor ErbB3-binding protein-1 (Ebp1) is not targeted by the newly identified AR controlling signaling axis heat-shock protein HSP27 and microRNA miR-1 in prostate cancer cells.
Rho kinase inhibition mitigates sunitinib-induced rise in arterial pressure and renal vascular resistance but not increased renal sodium reabsorption.
Differential Expression of the resistance 1 (MDR1) Protein in prostate cancer cells is Independent from anticancer drug Treatment and Y box binding Protein 1 (YB-1) aktiv
Immediate and transient phosphorylation of the heat shock Protein 27 initiates chemorestistance in prostate cancer cells
Heat-shock Protein HSPB1 attenuates microRNA mir-1 Expression thereby restoring oncogenic pathways in prostate cancer cells
Expression of drug transporters and drug metabolizing enzymes in the bladder urothelium in man and affinity of the bladder spasmolytic trospium chloride to transporters likely involved in its pharmacokinetics.
Transcriptional regulation of urate transportosome member SLC2A9 by nuclear receptor HNF4?.
Development of urologic laparoscopy in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland: a survey among urologists
The contemporary role of ablative treatment approaches in the management of renal cell carcinoma (RCC): focus on radiofrequency ablation (RFA), high-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU), and cryoablation.
Cold atmospheric plasma treatment induces anti-proliferative effects in prostate cancer cells by redox and apoptotic signaling pathways.
Inhibition of Cell Growth of the Prostate Cancer Cell Model LNCaP by Cold Atmospheric Plasma
Cardiolipin composition correlates with prostate cancer cell proliferation.
SWITCH: A Randomised, Sequential, Open-label Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of Sorafenib-sunitinib Versus Sunitinib-sorafenib in the Treatment of Metastatic Renal Cell Cancer.
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
Prognostication in localised renal cell carcinoma
One decade of improving palliative care of metastatic renal cell carcinoma by antiangiogenic therapies: time to move toward RCC cure.
Acceptance, Prevalence and Indications for Robot-Assisted Laparoscopy - Results of a Survey Among Urologists in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Cytochrome P450 17A1 inhibitor abiraterone attenuates cellular growth of prostate cancer cells independently from androgen receptor signaling by modulation of oncogenic and apoptotic pathways.
Isoform 1 of TPD52 (PC-1) promotes neuroendocrine transdifferentiation in prostate cancer cells
Role of endothelin-1 for the regulation of renal pelvic function.
Knockdown of ApoL1 in Zebrafish Larvae Affects the Glomerular Filtration Barrier and the Expression of Nephrin.
In Vitro Cultivation of Primary Prostate Cancer Cells Alters the Molecular Biomarker Pattern.
Effects of renal denervation on renal pelvic contractions and connexin expression in rats.
Cytochrome P450 17A1 Inhibitor Abiraterone Acetate Counteracts the Heat Shock Protein 27's Cell Survival Properties in Prostate Cancer Cells.
Detection and Quantification of Nuclear Morphology Changes in Apoptotic Cells by Fluorescence Microscopy and Subsequent Analysis of Visualized Fluorescent Signals
Different Cytokine and Chemokine Expression Patterns in Malignant Compared to Those in Nonmalignant Renal Cells
Microvascular and lymphovascular tumour invasion are associated with poor prognosis and metastatic spread in renal cell carcinoma: a validation study in clinical practice.
MicroRNA-1 and microRNA-21 individually regulate cellular growth of non-malignant and malignant renal cells
BDNF: mRNA Expression in urine cells of patients with chronic kidney disease and its role in kidney function
PDZ domain containing protein 1 (PDZK1), a modulator of membrane proteins, is regulated by the nuclear receptor THR?
Nicotinamide N-Methyltransferase and Its Precursor Substrate Methionine Directly and Indirectly Control Malignant Metabolism During Progression of Renal Cell Carcinoma.
Cabazitaxel inhibits prostate cancer cell growth by inhibition of androgen receptor and heat shock protein expression
The androgen receptor antagonist enzalutamide induces apoptosis, dysregulates the heat shock protein system, and diminishes the androgen receptor and estrogen receptor ?1 expression in prostate cancer cells
Gelsolin Governs the Neuroendocrine Transdifferentiation of Prostate Cancer Cells and Suppresses the Apoptotic Machinery
Acute myocardial infarction and arterial embolism in a patient with newly diagnosed renal mass: management dilemmas! A case report.
Kaltes atmosphärisches Plasma: Neue Behandlungsoption für Harnblasenkrebs
Super-resolved local recruitment of CLDN5 to Filtration slits implicates a direct relationship with podocyte foot process
ScoMorphoFISH: A deep learning enabled toolbox for single-cell single-mRNA quantification and correlative (ultra-)morphometry