Albrecht, Dirk	34418
Posttranslational modification and extended glycosylation pattern of a plant latex peroxidase of native source characterized by X-ray crystallography
Functional characterization of polysaccharide utilization loci in the marine Bacteroidetes 'Gramella forsetii' KT0803
Coping with anoxia: a comprehensive proteomic and transcriptomic survey of denitrification
Post-translational modification and extended glycosylation pattern of a plant latex peroxidase of native source characterized by X-ray crystallography
Secretome analysis revealed adaptive and non-adaptive responses of the Staphylococcus carnosus femB mutant
CodY regulates expression of the Bacillus subtilis extracellular proteases Vpr and Mpr
Antibacterial Metabolites and Bacteriolytic Enzymes Produced by Bacillus pumilus During Bacteriolysis of Arthrobacter citreus
Antibacterial Metabolites and Bacteriolytic Enzymes Produced by Bacillus pumilus During Bacteriolysis of Arthrobacter citreus
High-resolution proteome maps of Bacillus licheniformis cells growing in minimal medium
High-resolution proteome maps of Bacillus licheniformis cells growing in minimal medium
A comprehensive genomic, transcriptomic and proteomic analysis of a hyperosmotic stress sensitive alpha-proteobacterium
Influence of root exudates on the extracellular proteome of the plant growth-promoting bacterium Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42
The PadR-like transcriptional regulator LftR ensures efficient invasion of Listeria monocytogenes into human host cells
An alternative method for serum protein depletion/enrichment by precipitation at mildly acidic pH values and low ionic strength
An alternative method for serum protein depletion/enrichment by precipitation at mildly acidic pH values and low ionic strength
Symbiotic Interplay of Fungi, Algae, and Bacteria within the Lung Lichen Lobaria pulmonaria L. Hoffm. as Assessed by State-of-the-Art Metaproteomics.
Bacillus pumilus KatX2 confers enhanced hydrogen peroxide resistance to a Bacillus subtilis PkatA::katX2 mutant strain.
Hepatic thyroid signaling of heat-stressed late pregnant and early lactating cows.
A proteomic approach for the identification of immunotoxic properties of Tulipalin A.
Bioinformatic analysis of fold-type III PLP-dependent enzymes discovers multimeric racemases.
Differential effects of Helenalin, an anti-inflammatory sesquiterpene lactone, on the proteome, metabolome and the oxidative stress response in several immune cell types.
Exoproteome Analysis of Human Pathogenic Dermatophyte Species and Identification of Immunoreactive Proteins.
The Proteomic Response of Bacillus pumilus Cells to Glucose Starvation.
Proteomic Signatures of Clostridium difficile Stressed with Metronidazole, Vancomycin, or Fidaxomicin
An optimized metaproteomics protocol for a holistic taxonomic and functional characterization of microbial communities from marine particles.
Differences in the expression of soluble proteins in freshwater and brackish-water ecotypes of the snail Theodoxus fluviatilis