Matthes, Marc	3569
Microsurgical technique in excision of intramedullary craniocervical ependymomas. Video report.
Endoscopic vs Open Decompression of the Ulnar Nerve in Cubital Tunnel Syndrome: A Prospective Randomized Double-Blind Study.
3 Tesla Kinematic MRI of the Cervical Spine for Evaluation of Adjacent Level Disease after Monosegmental Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Arthroplasty: Results of 2-Year Follow-up".
A new score to predict the risk of hearing impairment after microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm
The value of lateral spread response monitoring in predicting the clinical outcome after microvascular decompression in hemifacial spasm: a prospective study on 100 patients.
Frequency and treatment of hydrocephalus prior to and after posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Heat Generation During Bony Decompression of Lumbar Spinal Stenosis Using a High-Speed Diamond Drill with or without Automated Irrigation and an Ultrasonic Bone-Cutting Knife: A Single-Blinded Prospective Randomized Controlled Study.
Microvascular Decompression for Patients With Hemifacial Spasm Associated With Common Trunk Anomaly of the Cerebellar Arteries-Case Study and Review of Literature.
Long-term Reliability of Neuroendoscopic Aqueductoplasty in Idiopathic Aqueductal Stenosis related Hydrocephalus
Pineal Cyst without Hydrocephalus: Clinical Presentation and Postoperative Clinical Course After Infratentorial Supracerebellar Resection.
Quality of life and olfactory function after suprasellar craniopharyngioma surgery-a single-center experience comparing transcranial and endoscopic endonasal approaches
Long-term outcome and quality of life after CNS cavernoma resection: eloquent vs. non-eloquent areas.
Outcome of Endoscope-Assisted Microvascular Decompression in Patients With Hemifacial Spasm Caused by Severe Indentation of the Brain Stem at the Pontomedullary Sulcus by the Posterior Inferior Cerebellar Artery.
A multivariable prediction model for recovery patterns and time course of symptoms improvement in hemifacial spasm following microvascular decompression
Long-term quality of life after ETV or ETV with consecutive VP shunt placement in hydrocephalic pediatric patients
Pineal cysts without hydrocephalus: microsurgical resection via an infratentorial-supracerebellar approach-surgical strategies, complications, and their avoidance.
Purely venous compression in trigeminal neuralgia-can we predict the outcome of surgery.
Correction to: The value of intraoperative indocyanine green angiography in microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm to avoid brainstem ischemia.
The value of intraoperative indocyanine green angiography in microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm to avoid brainstem ischemia.
Endoscope-Assisted Microsurgical Resection of a Large Petroclival Meningioma Using a Retrosigmoid Approach: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.