Hinz, Peter	384
Significance and prevention of post-operative wound complications
The application of tissue tolerable plasma improves early phase integration of metal implants - an in vivo study using intravital fluorescence microscopy.
Physikalisches Niedertemperaturplasma von Metallimplantaten als vielversprechende integrationsfördernde Option - eine experimentelle in vivo-Studie
Maggots as potential vector for pathogen transmission and consequences for infection control in waste management.
Abhängigkeiten der Kraftparameter des Kniegelenkes von der Transplantatwahl bei vorderer Kreuzbandersatzplastik
Aktueller Stand der Behandlung offener Frakturen der unteren Extremität in Deutschland – Ergebnisse einer Online-Umfrage
Antimicrobial Sterile Gloves Reduce Pathogen Transmission in an In Vitro Glove Perforation Model.
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Die Rolle postantiseptischer Flora in der Genese tiefer postoperativer Wundinfektionen
Needle decompression of tension pneumothorax: Population-based epidemiologic approach to adequate needle length in healthy volunteers in Northeast Germany.
Weichteilmanagement offener Frakturen
In vitro susceptibility of methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible strains of Staphylococcus aureus to two different cold atmospheric plasma sources.
Viability of Lucilia sericata maggots after exposure to wound antiseptics.
Current management of open fractures: results from an online survey.
Subinternship in Radiology - A Practical Start to the Specialization?
Urinary bladder volume measured in whole-body CT scans is a useful marker for alcohol intoxication.
What Are the Reference Values and Associated Factors for Center-edge Angle and Alpha Angle? A Population-based Study.
Consensus Recommendation: Indications and methods for microbiological wound diagnostics
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
Rolle des Mikrobioms bei chronischen WundenRole of the microbiome in chronic wounds
Posterolateral plate fixation with Pantalarlock® is more stable than nail fixation in tibiotalocalcaneal arthrodesis in a biomechanical cadaver study.
Digital versus analogue record Systems for mass casualty incidents at sea.Results from an exploratory study
An Innovative Therapeutic Option for the Treatment of Skeletal Sarcomas: Elimination of Osteo- and Ewing's Sarcoma Cells Using Physical Gas Plasma
Inhibition of angiogenesis by treatment with cold atmospheric plasma  as a promising therapeutic approach in oncology
Judo Competition Injuries in International Junior Athletes
Investigating the Association Between the Co-Occurrence of Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Sick Days in General Hospital Patients