Schl?ter, Rabea	38959
Novel mechanisms of biotransformation of p-tert-amylphenol by bacteria and fungi with special degradation abilities and simultaneous detoxification of the disinfectant.
Influence of microkeratome parameters on the stromal bed and flap edge quality in laser in situ keratomileusis
Deletion of membrane-associated Asp23 leads to upregulation of cell wall stress genes in Staphylococcus aureus.
Time-series observations of prokaryotic colonization of zooplankton fecal pellets
Antibacterial Metabolites and Bacteriolytic Enzymes Produced by Bacillus pumilus During Bacteriolysis of Arthrobacter citreus
The Relationship between the Temperature Increase Caused by Phacoemulsification and the Damage to the Corneal Endothelium
Impact of Antibiotics with Various Target Sites on the Metabolome of Staphylococcus aureus
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
Time-Resolved Analysis of Cytosolic and Surface-Associated Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus HG001 under Planktonic and Biofilm Conditions.
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
In vitro treatment of Candida albicans biofilms on denture base material with volume dielectric barrier discharge plasma (VDBD) compared with common chemical antiseptics
Targeted synthesis of novel ?-lactam antibiotics by laccase-catalyzed reaction of aromatic substrates selected by pre-testing for their antimicrobial and cytotoxic activity
Effects of non-thermal atmospheric pressure plasma and sodium hypochlorite solution on Enterococcus faecalis biofilm: An investigation in extracted teeth
Removal of naturally grown human biofilm with an atmospheric pressure plasma jet: An in-vitro study
Global analysis of the impact of linezolid onto virulence factor production in S. aureus USA300.
A Novel Assay to Assess the Effect of Pharmaceutical Compounds on the Differentiation of Podocytes.
Biotransformation and reduction of estrogenicity of bisphenol A by the biphenyl-degrading Cupriavidus basilensis.
Magnetic Nanoparticle Labeling of Human Platelets from Platelet Concentrates for Recovery and Survival Studies
Osteoblast growth, after cleaning of biofilm?covered titanium discs with air?polishing and cold plasma
In-vivo characteristics of metallic arch wires in orthodontics
Decay of the water reed Phragmites communis caused by the white-rot fungus Phlebia tremellosa and the influence of some environmental factors.
Far-reaching cellular consequences of tat deletion in Escherichia coli revealed by comprehensive proteome analyses.
Comparative Analysis of Podocyte Foot Process Morphology in Three Species by 3D Super-Resolution Microscopy.
Comparative proteome analysis in an Escherichia coli CyDisCo strain identifies stress responses related to protein production, oxidative stress and accumulation of misfolded protein.
Verticillium dahliae transcription factors Som1 and Vta3 control microsclerotia formation and sequential steps of plant root penetration and colonisation to induce disease
Differential View on the Bile Acid Stress Response of .
Comparative proteomics of related symbiotic mussel species reveals high variability of host-symbiont interactions
Non-invasive and label-free 3D visualization of proteins in bacterial cells.
Effects of cold atmospheric pressure plasma and disinfecting agents on Candida albicans in root canals of extracted human teeth
Bacterial symbiont subpopulations have different roles in a deep-sea symbiosis
Reaching out in anticipation: bacterial membrane extensions represent a permanent investment in polysaccharide sensing and utilization
Proteome analysis of the Gram-positive fish pathogen Renibacterium salmoninarum reveals putative role of membrane vesicles in virulence
In-Vitro Biofilm Removal Efficacy Using Water Jet in Combination with Cold Plasma Technology on Dental Titanium Implants
Destination and Specific Impact of Different Bile Acids in the Intestinal Pathogen Clostridioides difficile