Siegmund, Werner	413
Characterization of the Intestinal and Hepatic Uptake/Efflux Transport of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging Contrast Agent Gadolinium-Ethoxylbenzyl-Diethylenetriamine-Pentaacetic Acid.
T1 bias in chemical shift-encoded liver fat-fraction: Role of the flip angle.
OATP1B3 is expressed in pancreatic ß-islet cells and enhances the insulinotropic effect of the sulfonylurea derivative glibenclamide.
Feasibility of gadoxetate disodium-enhanced MR cholangiography in chronic cholestatic biliary disease.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Absolute protein quantification of clinically relevant cytochrome P450 enzymes and UDP-glucuronosyltransferases by mass spectrometry-based targeted proteomics.
Function-impairing polymorphisms of the hepatic uptake transporter SLCO1B1 modify the therapeutic efficacy of statins in a population-based cohort.
Expression of drug transporters and drug metabolizing enzymes in the bladder urothelium in man and affinity of the bladder spasmolytic trospium chloride to transporters likely involved in its pharmacokinetics.
Quantitative LC-MS/MS determination of flupirtine, its N-acetylated and two mercapturic acid derivatives in man.
LC-MS/MS method for the determination of clodronate in human plasma.
Protein abundance of clinically relevant multidrug transporters along the entire length of the human intestine.
Targeted adsorption of molecules in the colon with the novel adsorbent-based Medicinal Product, DAV132: A proof of concept study in healthy subjects.
Morphine and loperamide interact differently with uptake transporters of the OATP-family
Methoden zur Transportercharakterisierung in primären Hepatozyten
Extended-release but not immediate-release and subcutaneous methylnaltrexone antagonizes the loperamide-induced delay of the whole-gut transit time in healthy subjects.
Modeling the heterogeneous intestinal absorption of propiverine extended-release.
Intragastric pH and pressure profiles after intake on the high-caloric, high-fat meal as used for food effect studies
OATP2B1 vermittelt die zelluläre Aufnahme von Morphin in vitro
OATP1A2 is involved in cellular morphine uptake in vitro
Morphine is a substrate of OATP uptake transporters in vitro
Metabolic activation and analgesic effect of flupirtine in healthy subjects, influence of the polymorphic NAT2, UGT1A1 and GSTP1.
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ch14.18/CHO in relapsed/refractory high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated by long-term infusion in combination with IL-2.
Pharmacokinetics and pulmonary distribution of clarithromycin and rifampicin after concomitant and consecutive administration in foals.
Rapid Tolerance to Constipating Effects of Loperamide in Healthy Subjects.
Simultaneous magnetic resonance imaging and pharmacokinetic analysis of intramuscular depots.
Navigating the human gastrointestinal tract for oral drug delivery: Uncharted waters and new frontiers.
Resolving the physiological conditions in bioavailability and bioequivalence studies: comparison of fasted and fed state.
Rapid LC-MS/MS method for the determination of 4-hydroxycholesterol/cholesterol ratio in serum as endogenous biomarker for CYP3A activity in human and foals.
Expression of Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 1A2 in Red Blood Cells and Its Potential Impact on Antimalarial Therapy.
Effects of frequently used pharmaceutical excipients on the organic cation transporters 1-3 and peptide transporters 1/2 stably expressed in MDCKII cells.
Pharmacological indices and pulmonary distribution of rifampicin after repeated oral administration in healthy foals.
Trospium chloride is absorbed from two intestinal "absorption windows" with different permeability in healthy subjects.
Muscle Injury After Intramuscular Administration of Diclofenac: A Case Report Supported by Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Clinically Relevant Multidrug Transporters Are Regulated by microRNAs along the Human Intestine.
Quantitative chiral and achiral determination of ketamine and its metabolites by LC-MS/MS in human serum, urine and fecal samples.
Flupirtine and retigabine as templates for ligand-based drug design of KV7.2/3 activators
Flupirtine Analogues: Explorative Synthesis and Influence of Chemical Structure on KV  7.2/KV  7.3 Channel Opening Activity
Pharmacokinetic Drug-Drug Interactions Between Trospium Chloride and Ranitidine Substrates of Organic Cation Transporters in Healthy Human Subjects.
Transcriptional and posttranslational regulation of duodenal P-glycoprotein and MRP2 in healthy human subjects after chronic treatment with rifampicin and carbamazepine
Genetic variants of SLCO1B7 are of relevance for the transport function of OATP1B3-1B7.
Chiral Pharmacokinetics and Metabolite Profile of Prolonged-release Ketamine Tablets in Healthy Human Subjects.
Simultaneous quantification of acidic and basic flupirtine metabolites by supercritical fluid chromatography according to European Medicines Agency validation