Riedel, Anna Katharina Maria	45093
Deletion of membrane-associated Asp23 leads to upregulation of cell wall stress genes in Staphylococcus aureus.
Exploring functional contexts of symbiotic sustain within lichen-associated bacteria by comparative omics
Highly precise quantification of protein molecules per cell during stress and starvation responses in Bacillus subtilis
Lack of AHL-based quorum sensing in Pseudomonas fluorescens isolated from milk
Reducing the genetic code induces massive rearrangement of the proteome
Antibacterial Metabolites and Bacteriolytic Enzymes Produced by Bacillus pumilus During Bacteriolysis of Arthrobacter citreus
An alternative method for serum protein depletion/enrichment by precipitation at mildly acidic pH values and low ionic strength
A metaproteomics approach to elucidate host and pathogen protein expression during catheter-associated urinary tract infections (CAUTIs)
Ten years of subproteome investigations in lactic acid bacteria: A key for food starter and probiotic typing
Molecular mechanisms underlying the close association between soil Burkholderia and fungi
Time-Resolved Analysis of Cytosolic and Surface-Associated Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus HG001 under Planktonic and Biofilm Conditions.
Milk-deteriorating exoenzymes from Pseudomonas fluorescens 041 isolated from refrigerated raw milk
Multi?Organism Proteomes (iMOP): Advancing our Understanding of Human Biology
Cellulose and hemicellulose decomposition by forest soil bacteria proceeds by the action of structurally variable enzymatic systems
Decoding the complete arsenal for cellulose and hemicellulose deconstruction in the highly efficient cellulose decomposer Paenibacillus O199
Costs of life - Dynamics of the protein inventory of Staphylococcus aureus during anaerobiosis.
Global analysis of the impact of linezolid onto virulence factor production in S. aureus USA300.
The protein inventory of Clostridium difficile grown in complex and minimal medium
Biotransformation and reduction of estrogenicity of bisphenol A by the biphenyl-degrading Cupriavidus basilensis.
Fungal volatile compounds induce production of the secondary metabolite Sodorifen in Serratia plymuthica PRI-2C
Proteomic analysis of organic sulfur compound utilisation in Advenella mimigardefordensis strain DPN7T
Editorial: Bioactive Compounds from Microbes.
Symbiotic Interplay of Fungi, Algae, and Bacteria within the Lung Lichen Lobaria pulmonaria L. Hoffm. as Assessed by State-of-the-Art Metaproteomics.
Deciphering functional diversification within the lichen microbiota by meta-omics.
Bacillus pumilus KatX2 confers enhanced hydrogen peroxide resistance to a Bacillus subtilis PkatA::katX2 mutant strain.
Identification of AHL- and BDSF-Controlled Proteins in Burkholderia cenocepacia by Proteomics.
Impact of Dietary Resistant Starch on the Human Gut Microbiome, Metaproteome, and Metabolome.
Oligo(cis-1,4-isoprene) aldehyde-oxidizing dehydrogenases of the rubber-degrading bacterium Gordonia polyisoprenivorans VH2.
A proteomic analysis of ferulic acid metabolism in Amycolatopsis sp. ATCC 39116.
Comprehensive Redox Profiling of the Thiol Proteome of .
Non-thermal plasma jet treatment negatively affects viability and structure of  SC5314 biofilms.
Holistic Assessment of Rumen Microbiome Dynamics through Quantitative Metatranscriptomics Reveals Multifunctional Redundancy during Key Steps of Anaerobic Feed Degradation.
The hidden lipoproteome of Staphylococcus aureus.
Genome and Proteome Analysis of Rhodococcus erythropolis MI2: Elucidation of the 4,4´-Dithiodibutyric Acid Catabolism.
Soil and leaf litter metaproteomics-a brief guideline from sampling to understanding.
Proteome and carbon flux analysis of Pseudomonas aeruginosa clinical isolates from different infection sites.
Modulation of Protein S-Nitrosylation by Isoprene Emission in Poplar.
Updating the proteome of the uncultivable hemotrophic Mycoplasma suis in experimentally infected pigs.
Life Stage-specific Proteomes of Legionella pneumophila Reveal a Highly Differential Abundance of Virulence-associated Dot/Icm effectors.
Sample Preparation for Metaproteome Analyses of Soil and Leaf Litter.
Proteomic Signatures of Clostridium difficile Stressed with Metronidazole, Vancomycin, or Fidaxomicin
Far-reaching cellular consequences of tat deletion in Escherichia coli revealed by comprehensive proteome analyses.
Quorum Sensing and Spoilage Potential of Psychrotrophic Enterobacteriaceae Isolated from Milk.
Iron Regulation in .
A core genome multilocus sequence typing (cgMLST) scheme for .
Proteogenomics Uncovers Critical Elements of Host Response in Bovine Soft Palate Epithelial Cells Following In Vitro Infection with Foot-And-Mouth Disease Virus.
Effects of adult temperature on gene expression in a butterfly: identifying pathways associated with thermal acclimation.
Session 2: Biofilms/Implant associated infections.
The catabolism of 3,3'-thiodipropionic acid in Variovorax paradoxus strain TBEA6: A proteomic analysis.
Comparative proteome analysis in an Escherichia coli CyDisCo strain identifies stress responses related to protein production, oxidative stress and accumulation of misfolded protein.
Differential View on the Bile Acid Stress Response of .
Virulence factors produced by  biofilms have a moonlighting function contributing to biofilm integrity.
Proteomic analysis of the food spoiler Pseudomonas fluorescens ITEM 17298 reveals the antibiofilm activity of the pepsin-digested bovine lactoferrin.
Response of Microbial Communities and Their Metabolic Functions to Drying?Rewetting Stress in a Temperate Forest Soil.
Detailed Soluble Proteome Analyses of a Dairy-Isolated : A Possible Approach to Assess Food Safety and Potential Probiotic Value.
Antimicrobial effects of microwave-induced plasma torch (MiniMIP) treatment on Candida albicans biofilms.
Model of persistent foot-and-mouth disease virus infection in multilayered cells derived from bovine dorsal soft palate.
Enhancing Recombinant Protein Yields in the  Periplasm by Combining Signal Peptide and Production Rate Screening.
A sulfur-containing volatile emitted by potato-associated bacteria confers protection against late blight through direct anti-oomycete activity.
Non-invasive and label-free 3D-visualization shows in vivo oligomerization of the staphylococcal alkaline shock protein 23 (Asp23).
HIPPO transducer YAP and its targets CTGF and Cyr61 drive a paracrine signaling in Cold Atmospheric Plasma mediated wound healing
Escherichia coli Can Adapt Its Protein Translocation Machinery for Enhanced Periplasmic Recombinant Protein Production.
Responses of  sp. WH15 to High Carbon Revealed by Integrated Omics Analyses.
Metabolic Rearrangements Causing Elevated Proline and Polyhydroxybutyrate Accumulation During the Osmotic Adaptation Response of .
An optimized metaproteomics protocol for a holistic taxonomic and functional characterization of microbial communities from marine particles.
Fibronectin rescues aberrant phenotype of endothelial cells lacking either CCM1, CCM2 or CCM3
Complete Genome Sequence of Escherichia coli GW-AmxH19, Isolated from Hospital Wastewater in Greifswald, Germany.
The natural product chlorotonil A preserves colonization resistance and prevents relapsing Clostridioides difficile infection
Impact of Pneumococcal and Viral Pneumonia on the Respiratory and Intestinal Tract Microbiomes of Mice