Ehlert, Karoline	45910
Brustkrebs bei jungen Frauen nach Therapie eines Hodgkin-Lymphoms im Kindes- und Jugendalter: Eine Beobachtungsstudie mit bis zu 33 Jahren Follow-up
Bloodstream infection in paediatric cancer centres--leukaemia and relapsed malignancies are independent risk factors
Stem-cell transplantation in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A prospective international multicenter trial comparing sibling donors with matched unrelated donors-The ALL-SCT-BFM-2003 trial.
Cerebral toxoplasmosis in an adolescent post allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation: successful outcome by antiprotozoal chemotherapy and CD4+ T-lymphocyte recovery.
Breast cancer in young women after treatment for Hodgkin's disease during childhood or adolescence--an observational study with up to 33-year follow-up.
Diffuse hemorrhagic colitis in a patient with dyskeratosis congenita after nonmyeloablative allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of ch14.18/CHO in relapsed/refractory high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated by long-term infusion in combination with IL-2.
Neuroblastoma patients with high-affinity FCGR2A, -3A and stimulatory KIR 2DS2 treated by long-term infusion of anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO show higher ADCC levels and improved event-free survival.
Acid Ceramidase Deficiency is characterized by a unique plasma cytokine and ceramide profile that is altered by therapy.
Acid Ceramidase Deficiency is characterized by a unique plasma cytokine and ceramide profile that is altered by therapy.
Risk assessment of relapse by lineage-specific monitoring of chimerism in children undergoing allogeneic stem cell transplantation for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Tolerability, response and outcome of high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated with long-term infusion of anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO
Inflammatory response and treatment tolerance of long-term infusion of the anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO in combination with interleukin-2 in patients with high-risk neuroblastoma.
Impact of HACA on Immunomodulation and Treatment Toxicity Following ch14.18/CHO Long-Term Infusion with Interleukin-2: Results from a SIOPEN Phase 2 Trial
Allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation in Farber disease.
Reconsidering the indication of haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for dyskeratosis congenita.
Association of regulatory- and helper-T- cells with inferior survival of neuroblastoma patients treated with long-term infusion of ch14.18/CHO combined with interleukin-2.
Low CD4?/CD25?/CD127? regulatory T cell- and high INF-? levels are associated with improved survival of neuroblastoma patients treated with long-term infusion of ch14.18/CHO combined with interleukin-2
Neuroblastoma with intracerebral metastases and the need for neurosurgery: a single-center experience
Management of tumor rupture and abdominal compartment syndrome in an infant with bilateral high risk stage 4 neuroblastoma A case report
Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation from unrelated donors is associated with higher infection rates in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia-A prospective international multicenter trial on behalf of the BFM-SG and the EBMT-PDWP.
Epidemiology, utilisation of healthcare resources and outcome of invasive fungal diseases following paediatric allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Nivolumab and dinutuximab beta in two patients with refractory neuroblastoma
Impact of IL-2 on Treatment Tolerance in Patients With High-Risk Neuroblastoma Treated With Dinutuximab Beta-Based Immunotherapy
Bone metastasis of retinoblastoma five years after primary treatment.
Infratentorial IDH-mutant astrocytoma is a distinct subtype.
ASAH1 pathogenic variants associated with acid ceramidase deficiency: Farber disease and spinal muscular atrophy with progressive myoclonic epilepsy
Treatment of Children With Cancer and/or Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation in the Intensive Care Unit: Experience at a Large European Pediatric Cancer Center
Comparison of three different methods to detect bone marrow involvement in patients with neuroblastoma
Hematopoietic cell transplantation in severe combined immunodeficiency: The SCETIDE 2006-2014 European cohort.
Efficacy of Brincidofovir in Pediatric Stem Cell Transplant Recipients With Adenovirus Infections.
Immune Response and Outcome of High-Risk Neuroblastoma Patients Immunized with Anti-Idiotypic Antibody Ganglidiomab: Results from Compassionate-Use Treatments
Splenic rupture and fungal endocarditis in a pediatric patient with invasive fusariosis after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aplastic anemia: A case report
Dinutuximab beta combined with chemotherapy in patients with relapsed or refractory neuroblastoma.