Felix, Stephan Burkhard	493
Efficacy of a Minicourse in Radiation-Reducing Techniques in Invasive Cardiology: A Multicenter Field Study
Latest-generation catheterization systems enable sub-millisievert invasive coronary angiography
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality
Stiffness of left ventricular cardiac fibroblasts contributes to ventricular dilation in patients with recent-onset cardiomyopathy
A genome-wide association study identifies 6p21 as novel risk locus for dilated cardiomyopathy.
New stent surface materials: The impact of polymer-dependent interactions of human endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, and platelets.
Antibodies against potassium channel interacting protein 2 induce necrosis in isolated rat cardiomyocytes
Role of Experience, Leadership and Individual Protection in the Cath Lab – A Multicenter Questionnaire and Workshop on Radiation Safety
Multicenter Long-Term Validation of a Minicourse in Radiation-Reducing Techniques in the Catheterization Laboratory
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Sphingosine-1-phosphate induces thrombin receptor PAR-4 expression to enhance cell migration and COX-2 formation in human monocytes
ECG-gated coronary angiography enables submillisievert imaging in invasive cardiology.
Proteome analysis of heart biopsies using a TRIzol-based protein extraction.
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Novel genetic markers associate with atrial fibrillation risk in Europeans and Japanese.
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are not associated with exercise capacity and lung function parameters in two population-based studies.
[Reference values for arterial oxygen content].
Immunoadsorption therapy in dilated cardiomyopathy
A novel flow-based parameter of collateral function assessed by intracoronary thermodilution.
Diagnosis of systolic and diastolic heart failure
The effect of a repeated immunoadsorption in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after recurrence of severe heart failure symptoms
Atrial fibrillation and rapid acute pacing regulate adipocyte/adipositas-related gene Expression in the atria
Brain derived neurotrophic factor contributes to the cardiogenic potential of adult resident progenitor cells in failing murine heart
The other side of the RAAS - Aldosterone improves migration of cardiac progenitor cells
Regulation of the endothelial apelin/APJ system by hemodynamic fluid flow.
Assessing cutoff values for increased exercise blood pressure to predict incident hypertension in a general population.
A meta-analysis of gene expression signatures of blood pressure and hypertension.
Light to Moderate Alcohol Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Aortic Valve Sclerosis: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Innate immune receptors in heart failure: Side effect or potential therapeutic target?
Characteristics associated with non-participation in 7-day accelerometry
De novo acute heart failure and acutely decompensated chronic heart failure.
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
L-Arginine and SDMA Serum Concentrations Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Non-thrombotic fatal pulmonary embolism with a ‘rule-out’ CT scan
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Takotsubo (Stress) Cardiomyopathy.
Long-term strategies support autonomy in radiation safety in invasive cardiology
[Diagnosis and therapy of heart failure]
Ivabradine in stable coronary artery disease without clinical heart failure
Detection of DCM-associated ?1-adrenergic receptor autoantibodies requires functional readouts or native human ?1-receptors as targets
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
MD-2 is a new predictive biomarker in dilated cardiomyopathy and exerts direct effects in isolated cardiomyocytes.
Detection of DCM-associated ?1-adrenergic receptor autoantibodies requires functional readouts or native human ?1-receptors as targets.
High-density lipoproteins reduce palmitate-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis in an AMPK-dependent manner.
Molecular phenotypes of human parvovirus B19 in patients with myocarditis.
Vitamin D is associated with cardiopulmonary exercise capacity: results of two independent cohorts of healthy adults.
Serum Thyrotropin Concentrations Are Not Associated with the Ankle-Brachial Index: Results from Three Population-Based Studies.
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
Association between hepatic steatosis and serum liver enzyme levels with atrial fibrillation in the general population: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
L-Arginine Derivatives Are Associated with the Hyperthyroid State in the General Population.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Effect of Vericiguat, a Soluble Guanylate Cyclase Stimulator, on Natriuretic Peptide Levels in Patients With Worsening Chronic Heart Failure and Reduced Ejection Fraction: The SOCRATES-REDUCED Randomized Trial.
3D Micropillars Guide the Mechanobiology of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Biodegradable Polymers Influence the Effect of Atorvastatin on Human Coronary Artery Cells.
Cachexia and right ventricular dysfunction in chronic heart failure: what is the chicken and what the egg?
Impact of common ?1-adrenergic receptor polymorphisms on the interaction with agonistic autoantibodies in dilated cardiomyopathy.
Serum androgen concentrations and subclinical measures of cardiovascular disease in men and women.
Stem Cell Mechanobiology: 3D Micropillars Guide the Mechanobiology of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes (Adv. Healthcare Mater. 3/2016).
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
Genome-wide association study of copy number variation with lung function identifies a novel signal of association near BANP for forced vital capacity.
The architecture of neutrophil extracellular traps investigated by atomic force microscopy.
[From myxomas of the skin to LVAD implantation : A 28-year-old female patient with Carney complex].
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Pathophysiological aldosterone levels modify the secretory activity of cardiac progenitor cells.
52 Genetic Loci Influencing Myocardial Mass.
Reference intervals for Serum Sphingosine-1-Phosphate in the Population-based Study of Health in Pomerania
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Development of a tunable drug delivery system based on chitosan/polyacrylic acid polyelectrolyte multilayers from biodegradable scaffolds.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Data on subgroup specific baseline characteristics and serum sphingosine-1-phosphate concentrations in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
[Recurrent thromboembolisms despite full anticoagulation in a patient with antiphospholipid syndrome].
Ventricular and Supraventricular Ectopy in Subjects With Early Repolarization.
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Impact of atrial fibrillation detected by extended monitoring-A population-based cohort study.
Bluthochdruck in Deutschland Daten aus sieben bevölkerungsbasierten epidemiologischen Studien (1994–2012)
Improved risk stratification in prevention by use of a panel of selected circulating microRNAs
Fifteen Genetic Loci Associated with the Electrocardiographic P-wave
Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Sugars make the difference - Glycosylation of cardiodepressant antibodies regulates their activity in dilated cardiomyopathy.
Dynamic adaptation of myocardial proteome during heart failure development.
PCI Strategies in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction and Cardiogenic Shock.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Genetic Interactions with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, and Hypertension in Relation to Atrial Fibrillation: The AFGen Consortium.
Guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in patients with acute coronary syndrome undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (TROPICAL-ACS): a randomised, open-label, multicentre trial.
Takayasu's arteritis: a case with relapse after urgent coronary revascularization.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Diagnosis and management of myocardial involvement in systemic immune-mediated diseases: a position statement of the European Society of Cardiology Working Group on Myocardial and Pericardial Disease.
Extracorporeal cytokine elimination as rescue therapy in refractory septic shock: a prospective single-center study.
[Weaning Unit of the University Medicine Greifswald - Institutional Structure and Weaning Results from Prolonged Ventilation over 10 Years].
Intracoronary autologous bone marrow cell transfer after myocardial infarction: the BOOST-2 randomised placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Erratum: Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
The soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator riociguat and the soluble guanylate cyclase activator cinaciguat exert no direct effects on contractility and relaxation of cardiac myocytes from normal rats.
Kardiale Beteiligung bei Vaskulitiden
Ceramide Remodeling and Risk of Cardiovascular Events and Mortality.
Common and Rare Coding Genetic Variation Underlying the Electrocardiographic PR Interval.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Association of Circulating Chemerin With Subclinical Parameters of Atherosclerosis: Results of a Population-Based Study.
Novel genetic associations for blood pressure identified via gene-alcohol interaction in up to 570K individuals across multiple ancestries.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
Low-Circulating Homoarginine is Associated with Dilatation and Decreased Function of the Left Ventricle in the General Population.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
Metabolomic profiling implicates adiponectin as mediator of a favorable lipoprotein profile associated with NT-proBNP.
The apelin receptor influences biomechanical and morphological properties of endothelial cells.
Global secretome analysis of resident cardiac progenitor cells from wild type and transgenic heart failure mice: why ambience matters
Genome Analyses of >200,000 Individuals Identify 58 Loci for Chronic Inflammation and Highlight Pathways that Link Inflammation and Complex Disorders.
Association of maternal prenatal smoking GFI1-locus and cardio-metabolic phenotypes in 18,212 adults.
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
Randomized double-blind clinical studies of ularitide and other vasoactive substances in acute decompensated heart failure: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
One-Year Outcomes after PCI Strategies in Cardiogenic Shock.
Long-Term Prognosis of Patients With Takotsubo Syndrome.
Age and outcomes following guided de-escalation of antiplatelet treatment in acute coronary syndrome patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention: results from the randomized TROPICAL-ACS trial.
The Cardiomyopathy Registry of the EURObservational Research Programme of the European Society of Cardiology: baseline data and contemporary management of adult patients with cardiomyopathies.
Common Genetic Variation in Relation to Brachial Vascular Dimensions and Flow-Mediated Vasodilation
Outcomes Associated With Cardiogenic Shock in Takotsubo Syndrome: Results From the International Takotsubo Registry.
Impella Support for Acute Myocardial Infarction complicated by Cardiogenic Shock: A Matched-Pair IABP-SHOCK II Trial 30-Day Mortality Analysis.
Intraaortic Balloon Pump in Cardiogenic Shock Complicating Acute Myocardial Infarction: Long-Term 6-Year Outcome of the Randomized IABP-SHOCK II Trial.
Protease-activated receptor 2 deficiency mediates cardiac fibrosis and diastolic dysfunction.
Heterogeneous Metabolic Response to Exercise Training in Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
Lipidomics, Atrial Conduction, and Body Mass Index.
Serum amyloid A1 mediates myotube atrophy via Toll
Relation of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 with prevalent and incident atrial fibrillation in a population-based study.
Global plasma protein profiling reveals DCM characteristic protein signatures.
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
Prediction of short- and long-term mortality in takotsubo syndrome: the InterTAK Prognostic Score.
Adenosine stress perfusion cardiac magnetic resonance imaging in patients undergoing intracoronary bone marrow cell transfer after ST-elevation myocardial infarction: the BOOST-2 perfusion substudy.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Patients With Malignancy and Takotsubo Syndrome: Observations From the International Takotsubo Registry.
Cardio-protective effect of the secretome of Sca-1+ and Sca-1- cells in heart failure - not equal, but equally important?
Cardiac arrest in takotsubo syndrome: results from the InterTAK Registry.
Real-world clinical experience with the percutaneous extracorporeal life support system: Results from the German Lifebridge Registry.
Heart failure in cardiomyopathies: a position paper from the Heart Failure Association of the European Society of Cardiology.
Imaging and Manipulation of Extracellular Traps by Atomic Force Microscopy.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
KCND3 potassium channel gene variant confers susceptibility to electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Intraventricular Thrombus Formation and Embolism in Takotsubo Syndrome: Insights From the International Takotsubo Registry.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation analysis provide insights into the pathogenesis of heart failure.
Impact of aspirin on takotsubo syndrome: a propensity score-based analysis of the InterTAK Registry.
Cardiorespiratory and Metabolic Responses to Exercise Testing During Lower-Body Positive Pressure Running
Age-Related Variations in Takotsubo Syndrome.
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
[Blood pressure measurement in the NAKO German National Cohort (GNC) - differences in methods, distribution of blood pressure values, and awareness of hypertension compared to other population-based studies in Germany].
Multi-ancestry GWAS of the electrocardiographic PR interval identifies 202 loci underlying cardiac conduction.
Inferior vena cava ultrasound in acute decompensated heart failure: design rationale of the CAVA-ADHF-DZHK10 trial.
Carotid Lumen Diameter Is Associated With All?Cause Mortality in the General Population
The Polygenic and Monogenic Basis of Blood Traits and Diseases.
Genetic Determinants of Electrocardiographic P-wave Duration and Relation to Atrial Fibrillation.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
Coronavirus Pandemic - SARS-CoV-2 in Orthopedics and Trauma Surgery.
Dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic in orthopaedics: experiences and procedure in Germany.
Coexistence and outcome of coronary artery disease in Takotsubo syndrome.
[Update Myocarditis].
Myocarditis and inflammatory cardiomyopathy: current evidence and future directions.
?-Adrenoreceptor Autoantibodies in Heart Failure: Physiology and Therapeutic Implications.
Platelet apelin receptor expression is reduced in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Arterial Lactate in Cardiogenic Shock: Prognostic Value of Clearance Versus Single Values.
Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals.
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Epigenetic Link Between Statin Therapy and Type 2 Diabetes.
Extracorporeal life support system during cardiovascular procedures: Insights from the German Lifebridge registry.
Stimulation of soluble guanylate cyclase by riociguat attenuates heart failure and pathological cardiac remodelling.
Rationale and design of the MULTISTARS AMI Trial: A randomized comparison of immediate versus staged complete revascularization in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and multivessel disease.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Current use of cardiac magnetic resonance in tertiary referral centres for the diagnosis of cardiomyopathy: the ESC EORP Cardiomyopathy/Myocarditis Registry.
Relation of body fat mass and fat-free mass to total mortality: results from 7 prospective cohort studies.
Childhood maltreatment and lung function: Findings from the general population.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Association of proton pump inhibitor use with endothelial function and metabolites of the nitric oxide pathway: A cross-sectional study.
Energy Metabolites as Biomarkers in Ischemic and Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
Genome-wide association analysis in dilated cardiomyopathy reveals two new players in systolic heart failure on chromosomes 3p25.1 and 22q11.23.
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Educational Level, But Not Income or Area Deprivation, is Related to Macrovascular Disease: Results from Two Population-based Cohorts in Germany
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
Physical activity, sedentary behavior and risk of coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
The Role of Biodegradable Poly-(L-lactide)-Based Polymers in Blood Cell Activation and Platelet-Monocyte Interaction
Methodology for comprehensive cell-level analysis of wound healing experiments using deep learning in MATLAB
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
The genomics of heart failure: design and rationale of the HERMES consortium.
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Extracorporeal life support in patients with acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock - Design and rationale of the ECLS-SHOCK trial.
Ethnic comparison in takotsubo syndrome: novel insights from the International Takotsubo Registry.
A Transgenic Mouse Model of Eccentric Left Ventricular Hypertrophy With Preserved Ejection Fraction Exhibits Alterations in the Autophagy-Lysosomal Pathway.
Impact of Atrial Fibrillation on Outcome in Takotsubo Syndrome: Data From the International Takotsubo Registry.
Association of glycated hemoglobin A levels with cardiovascular outcomes in the general population: results from the BiomarCaRE (Biomarker for Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Europe) consortium.
Inhibition of the NLRP3/IL-1? axis protects against sepsis-induced cardiomyopathy.
Combined vaccine-immune-checkpoint inhibition constitutes a promising strategy for treatment of dMMR tumors.
NT-proBNP as a marker for atrial fibrillation and heart failure in four observational outpatient trials.
Angiography after Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest without ST-Segment Elevation.
Pleiotropic Effects of the Protease-Activated Receptor 1 (PAR1) Inhibitor, Vorapaxar, on Atherosclerosis and Vascular Inflammation.
Prognostic impact of acute pulmonary triggers in patients with takotsubo syndrome: new insights from the International Takotsubo Registry.
Impella versus extracorporal life support in cardiogenic shock: a propensity score adjusted analysis.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
Course of disease and risk factors for hospitalization in outpatients with a SARS?CoV?2 infection
Resting heart rate and incident atrial fibrillation: A stratified Mendelian randomization in the AFGen consortium.
N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide reference values in community-dwelling older adults.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate and vascular disease in the general population
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Riociguat attenuates left ventricular proteome and microRNA profile changes after experimental aortic stenosis in mice.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
Sex-specific associations of cardiorespiratory fitness and galectin-3 in the general population.
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
Myeloid differentiation factor-2 activates monocytes in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy.
High-Mobility Group Box Protein 1 Is an Independent Prognostic Marker for All-Cause Mortality in Patients With Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
tRNA-like Transcripts from the  Genomic Region Critically Influence Human Innate Immunity and Macrophage Functions.
Publisher Correction: Simultaneous assessment of spontaneous cage activity and voluntary wheel running in group-housed mice.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
Proportional Internal Work-a New Parameter of Exercise Testing in Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Biomarker-based prediction of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with diabetes mellitus.
SPSB1-mediated inhibition of TGF-? receptor-II impairs myogenesis in inflammation.
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.
Carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerotic plaques are associated with renal function decline: a 14-year longitudinal population-based study.