Kirsch, Michael	52
Prolonged aphasia and perfusion CT abnormalities in migraine with aura
Fatal Contralateral Cardioembolic Stroke Promoted by Systemic Thrombolysis with rtPA in Ischemic Stroke
Comparing perfusion CT evaluation algorithms for predicting outcome after endovascular treatment in anterior circulation ischaemic stroke.
Influence of Recanalization and Time of Cerebral Ischemia on Tissue Outcome after Endovascular Stroke Treatment on Computed Tomography Perfusion.
Radiological Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Headache.
Interrater agreement in three perfusion-CT evaluation methods before endovascular therapy for acute ischaemic stroke
Magnetic resonance-transcranial ultrasound fusion imaging: A novel tool for brain electrode location.
Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Management of Intracranial Incidental Findings on Brain MRI.
Intravenous thrombolysis and passes of thrombectomy as predictors for endovascular revascularisation in ischemic stroke.
Erratum to: Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Cement leakage in pedicle screw augmentation: a prospective analysis of 98 patients and 474 augmented pedicle screws.
Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Hydrocephalus in Adults.
Siponimod (BAF312) Treatment Reduces Brain Infiltration but Not Lesion Volume in Middle-Aged Mice in Experimental Stroke.
The so-called “ bovine aortic arch ” : a possible biomarker for embolic strokes?
Telemedicine: Can In-Person Pre-treatment Communication be Expanded by Video Consultation?
Identifying communication-related predictors of patient satisfaction in a briefing prior to contrast-enhanced computed tomography
Unique Indications for Covered Stent Grafts in Neuroradiology Departments of Level 1 Trauma Centers
Central Nervous System-Infiltrating T Lymphocytes in Stroke Are Activated via Their TCR (T-Cell Receptor) but Lack CD25 Expression
Retrospective Cohort Study of Frequency and Patterns of Orbital Injuries on Whole-Body CT with Maxillofacial Multi-Slice CT
Long-term outcome and quality of life after CNS cavernoma resection: eloquent vs. non-eloquent areas.
The Accuracy of On-Call CT Reporting in Teleradiology Networks in Comparison to In-House Reporting
Performance in information processing speed is associated with parietal white matter tract integrity in multiple sclerosis