Dyrba M	52790
Measuring Cortical Connectivity in Alzheimer's Disease as a Brain Neural Network Pathology: Toward Clinical Applications.
Basal Forebrain and Hippocampus as Predictors of Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment - A Multicenter DTI and Volumetry Study.
Multimodal analysis of functional and structural disconnection in Alzheimer's disease using multiple kernel SVM.
Predicting Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease in Subjects with Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Machine Learning Classification of Multimodal Multicenter Diffusion-Tensor and Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data.
The Primacy Effect in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Associations with Hippocampal Functional Connectivity.
The ?4 genotype of apolipoprotein E and white matter integrity in Alzheimer's disease.
Does Functional Connectivity Provide a Marker for Cognitive Rehabilitation Effects in Alzheimer's Disease? An Interventional Study.
Robust Detection of Impaired Resting State Functional Connectivity Networks in Alzheimer's Disease Using Elastic Net Regularized Regression.
Multicenter stability of resting state fMRI in the detection of Alzheimer's disease and amnestic MCI.
Multimodal characterization of older APOE2 carriers reveals selective reduction of amyloid load.
Hippocampal mean diffusivity for the diagnosis of dementia and mild cognitive impairment in primary care
Multicenter Resting state functional connectivity in prodromal and dementia stages of Alzheimer’s disease
In vivo staging of regional amyloid deposition.
No association of cortical amyloid load and EEG connectivity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
Mean diffusivity in cortical gray matter in Alzheimer's disease: The importance of partial volume correction.
Applicability of in vivo staging of regional amyloid burden in a cognitively normal cohort with subjective memory complaints: the INSIGHT-preAD study.
The corticotopic organization of the human basal forebrain as revealed by regionally selective functional connectivity profiles.
Is the left uncinate fasciculus associated with verbal fluency decline in mild Alzheimer's disease?
In vivo staging of regional amyloid deposition predicts functional conversion in the preclinical and prodromal phases of Alzheimer's disease.
Gaussian Graphical Models Reveal Inter-Modal and Inter-Regional Conditional Dependencies of Brain Alterations in Alzheimer's Disease.
Multicenter Tract-Based Analysis of Microstructural Lesions within the Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum: Association with Amyloid Pathology and Diagnostic Usefulness.
Structural integrity in subjective cognitive decline, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease based on multicenter diffusion tensor imaging.
Data-driven FDG-PET subtypes of Alzheimer's disease-related neurodegeneration.
Association of TDP-43 Pathology with Global and Regional 18F-Florbetapir PET Signal in the Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum.
Dorsolateral Prefrontal Functional Connectivity Predicts Working Memory Training Gains.
[LATE: not every dementia is Alzheimer's disease-Discussion of a new disease entity based on a case example : Current status of limbic-predominant age-related TDP-43 encephalopathy (LATE)].
Association of PET-based stages of amyloid deposition with neuropathological markers of A? pathology.
The European DTI Study on Dementia - A multicenter DTI and MRI study on Alzheimer's disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Comparison of Different Hypotheses Regarding the Spread of Alzheimer's Disease Using Markov Random Fields and Multimodal Imaging.