Prudlo J	52944
A large-scale multicentre cerebral diffusion tensor imaging study in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
No Change in Executive Performance in ALS Patients: A Longitudinal Neuropsychological Study.
Dysexecutive functioning in ALS patients and its clinical implications.
Microstructural white matter changes underlying cognitive and behavioural impairment in ALS--an in vivo study using DTI.
Memory deficits in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis are not exclusively caused by executive dysfunction: a comparative neuropsychological study of amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Atrophy of the cholinergic basal forebrain in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease dementia.
Atrophy and structural covariance of the cholinergic basal forebrain in primary progressive aphasia.
TDP-43 pathology and cognition in ALS: A prospective clinicopathologic correlation study.
Quantitative analysis and clinico-pathological correlations of different dipeptide repeat protein pathologies in C9ORF72 mutation carriers.
Novel cases of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis after treatment of cerebral arteriovenous malformationss.
Rare Variants in Neurodegeneration Associated Genes Revealed by Targeted Panel Sequencing in a German ALS Cohort.
Longitudinal course of cortical thickness decline in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Minor cognitive disturbances in X-linked spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy, Kennedy's disease.
Cortical thinning and its relation to cognition in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
A language-based sum score for the course and therapeutic intervention in primary progressive aphasia.
Serum neurofilament light chain in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Unraveling corticobasal syndrome and alien limb syndrome with structural brain imaging.
Genome-wide analyses as part of the international FTLD-TDP whole-genome sequencing consortium reveals novel disease risk factors and increases support for immune dysfunction in FTLD.
FDG-PET underscores the key role of the thalamus in frontotemporal lobar degeneration caused by C9ORF72 mutations.
The applause sign in frontotemporal lobar degeneration and related conditions.
Different neuroinflammatory profile in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia is linked to the clinical phase.
Predicting behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia with pattern classification in multi-center structural MRI data.
Neurofilament as a blood marker for diagnosis and monitoring of primary progressive aphasias.
The metabolic and endocrine characteristics in spinal and bulbar muscular atrophy.
Atrophy in the Thalamus But Not Cerebellum Is Specific for  FTD and ALS Patients - An Atlas-Based Volumetric MRI Study.
Prefrontal cortical thickness in motor neuron disease.
CSF Biomarkers of Neurodegeneration in Progressive Non-fluent Aphasia and Other Forms of Frontotemporal Dementia: Clues for Pathomechanisms?
Novel antibodies reveal presynaptic localization of C9orf72 protein and reduced protein levels in C9orf72 mutation carriers.
Sonographic and 3T-MRI-based evaluation of the tongue in ALS.
Different CSF protein profiles in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia with  hexanucleotide repeat expansion.
Effect of high-caloric nutrition on serum neurofilament light chain levels in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Cognitive reserve and regional brain volume in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Longitudinal clinical and neuroanatomical correlates of memory impairment in motor neuron disease.
Facial Onset Sensory and Motor Neuronopathy: New Cases, Cognitive Changes, and Pathophysiology.
Motor speech disorders in the nonfluent, semantic and logopenic variants of primary progressive aphasia.
Quantifying progression in primary progressive aphasia with structural neuroimaging.