Beckmann, Volker	53679
Economic evaluation of Common reed as an energy source in China. A case study in Wuliangsuhai Lake, (Inner Mongolia, China)
Economic Performance of Cotton and Fruit Plantations in arid Regions: Obersavation from the Tarim River Basin, NW China.
Implementation of pasture leasing rights for mobile pastoralists – a case study on institutional change during post-socialist reforms in Azerbaijan
Investigation of a reed economy (Phragmites australis) under threat: pulp and paper market, values and netchain at Wuliangsuhai Lake, Inner Mongolia, China.
Overcoming the legacy of the past? Analyzing the modes of governance used by the Polish agricultural producer groups.
Water Consumption of Agriculture and Natural Ecosystems along the Ili River in China and Kazakhstan
Effects of Infrastructure on Land Use and Land Cover Change (LUCC): The Case of Hangzhou International Airport, China
Challenges for sustainable use of the fish resources from Lake Balkhash, a fragile lake in an arid ecosystem
Carbon and phosphorus footprint of the cotton production in Xinjiang, China, in comparison to an alternative fibre (Apocynum) from Central Asia
Assessment of ecosystem services of the wetlands in the Ili River Delta, Kazakhstan
What Tree Species Work Best for Reforestation? Human Perceptions and Beliefs in Ghana’s High Forest Zone
Socio-economic determinants of smallholder plantation sizes in Ghana and options to encourage reforestation
Dillmann, O.; Beckmann, V. Do Administrative Incentives for the Containment of Cities Work? An Analysis of the Accelerated Procedure for Binding Land-Use Plans for Inner Urban Development in Germany.
Archetypes of common village pasture problems in the South Caucasus: insights from comparative case studies in Georgia and Azerbaijan.
Potentials and Constraints of Common Pasture Use – Field Experiments on Common Pool Resource Management in Azerbaijan and Georgia.
Understanding Causes of Conflict Over Common Village Pastures – A Comparative Analysis of Property Rights in Azerbaijan and Georgia.
Diversification of Livestock-Keeping Smallholders in Mountainous Rural Regions of Azerbaijan and Georgia