Rehberg S	62353
Biomarkers in severe sepsis and septic shock: Just listen to the heart?
Incidence of pathogen detection in blood cultures of severe sepsis and septic shock patients is higher, if blood cultures were drawn before anti-infective therapy
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of intensive care - and hospital length of stay for severe sepsis and septic shock patients by a continuois quality improvement program over 7.5 years
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Reduction of 90-day mortality in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock by initiation of oral beta-blocker treatment and continuation of a previous beta-blocker therapy
Mortality of blood-culture-positive vs. blood-culture-negative patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Anhaltende Reduktion der Intensiv- und Krankenhausliegedauer bei schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock durch ein kontinuierliches Qualitätsmanagementprojekt über 7,5 Jahre
Larynxmaske - Indikationen und Kontraindikationen
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
Auswirkungen des nicht-selektiven Kaliumkanalinhibitors Tetraethylammonium auf Noradrenalin-, Flüssigkeitsbedarf und Mortalität im endotoxämischen Schockmodell am chronisch-instrumentierten wachen Schaf
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
Effects of vasodilators on haemodynamic coherence
Pathophysiology of sepsis
Acute transfusion-related abdominal injury in trauma patients: a case report.
VANISH: a challenge for curren sepsis guidelines!
Comparison of an automatic analysis and a manual analysis of conjunctival microcirculation in a sheep model of haemorrhagic shock.
Effect of non-adrenergic vasopressors on macro- and microvascular coupling in distributive shock.
How Sepsis-3 changes previous severe sepsis and septic shock cohorts in respect to mortality and length of stay
Continuing chronic beta-blockade in the acute phase of severe sepsis and septic shock is associated with decreased mortality rates up to 90 days.
ATHOS-3 and the knights of the round table-the search for the holy grail of vasopressors.
Microcirculation First!-Esmolol, a Candidate for the Next Term of Office.
Misinterpretation of the sublingual microcirculation during therapy with levosimendan.
Pupillary dilatation associated with volatile anaesthetics: a small case series.
Dexmedetomidine in Patients With Sepsis Requiring Mechanical Ventilation.
Erratum to: Practice of hemodynamic monitoring and management in German, Austrian, and Swiss intensive care units: the multicenter cross-sectional ICU-CardioMan Study.
Use of the qSOFA Score in the Emergency Department.
Electric Nerve Stimulation Does Not Correctly Predict Needle-Nerve Distance and Potential Local Anesthetic Spread for Interscalene Brachial Plexus Blockade.
Provision of physiological data and reference values in awake and anaesthetized female sheep aged 6-12 months.
Fluid Resuscitation in Sepsis: "Get the Balance Right".
Dynamic Evolution of SOFA-Score before Sepsis-1 Onset in Patients with ICU acquired Sepsis
Procalcitonin  levels to predict blood culture results in patients with suspected infections
The role of enterococci in the treatment of patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Detection of Staphylococcus aureus Bacteremia by fully automated Multiplex PCR (Curetis Unyvero)
Early detection of ESBL by Accelerate PhenoTM system - a case report
Do Sepsis-3 criteria facilitate earlier recognition of sepsis and septic shock? A retrospective cohort study.