von Sarnowski, Bettina	635
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
Lessons from everyday stroke care for clinical research and vice versa: comparison of a comprehensive and a research population of young stroke patients.
Fatal Contralateral Cardioembolic Stroke Promoted by Systemic Thrombolysis with rtPA in Ischemic Stroke
Clinically relevant depressive symptoms in young stroke patients - results of the sifap1 study.
Cervical artery dissection in young adults in the stroke in young Fabry patients (sifap1) study.
Frequency of MELAS main mutation in a phenotype-targeted young ischemic stroke patient population.
Family History in Young Patients With Stroke.
Brain magnetic resonance imaging findings fail to suspect Fabry disease in young patients with an acute cerebrovascular event.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
Reduced Numbers and Impaired Function of Regulatory T Cells in Peripheral Blood of Ischemic Stroke Patients.
Posterior versus Anterior Circulation Stroke in Young Adults: A Comparative Study of Stroke Aetiologies and Risk Factors in Stroke among Young Fabry Patients (sifap1).
Patent Foramen Ovale and Cryptogenic Strokes in the Stroke in Young Fabry Patients Study.
Frequency and predictors of acute ischaemic lesions on brain magnetic resonance imaging in young patients with a clinical diagnosis of transient ischaemic attack.
Dolichoectasia and Small Vessel Disease in Young Patients With Transient Ischemic Attack and Stroke.
Searching for Explanations for Cryptogenic Stroke in the Young: Revealing the Triggers, Causes, and Outcome (SECRETO): Rationale and design
Exome Chip Analysis Identifies Low-Frequency and Rare Variants in  for White Matter Hyperintensities on Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Sonografie peripherer Nerven: Sonografische Anatomie
Genetic and lifestyle risk factors for MRI-defined brain infarcts in a population-based setting
Intrathecal inflammation in young stroke.
Clinical Improvement Following Stroke Promptly Reverses Post-stroke Cellular Immune Alterations.
Global Outcome Assessment Life-long after stroke in young adults initiative-the GOAL initiative: study protocol and rationale of a multicentre retrospective individual patient data meta-analysis.
Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial
Stroke-Induced Modulation of Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells (MDSCs) and IL-10-Producing Regulatory Monocytes.
Course and Recognition of Poststroke Delirium: A Prospective Noninferiority Trial of Delirium Screening Tools
Association between Migraine and Cryptogenic Ischemic Stroke in Young Adults.
Relationship between trajectories of post-stroke disability and self-rated health (NeuroAdapt): protocol for a prospective observational study
Global Differences in Risk Factors, Etiology, and Outcome of Ischemic Stroke in Young Adults: A Worldwide Meta-analysis: The GOAL-Initiative
Predictors of post-stroke delirium incidence and duration: results of a prospective observational study using high frequency delirium screening.
Correction: Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial.
Obesity and the Risk of Cryptogenic Ischemic Stroke in Young Adults.
Duration of Surgery and Intraoperative Blood Pressure Management are Modifiable Risk Factors for Postoperative Neurocognitive Disorders Following Spine Surgery: Results of the Prospective CONFESS Study.