Pink, Christiane	64316
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Cross-sectional association between physical strength, obesity, periodontitis and number of teeth in a general population
Magnesium/Calcium Ratio in Serum Predicts Periodontitis and Tooth Loss in a Five-Year Follow-up
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
The effect of furcation involvement on tooth loss in a population without regular periodontal therapy
Osteoblast growth, after cleaning of biofilm?covered titanium discs with air?polishing and cold plasma
Does periodontitis affect diabetes incidence and haemoglobin A1c change? An 11-year follow-up study.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Periodontal complications of hyperglycemia/diabetes mellitus: Epidemiologic complexity and clinical challenge.
Applicability of Computerized Planimetric Method in Estimating Plaque Accumulation and Efficacy of a Cleaning Method for Removable Dental Prostheses.
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
Construction of a biological age score to predict tooth loss over ten years
Long-term impact of powered toothbrush on oral health: 11-year cohort study.
Diabetes status affects long-term changes in coronal caries - The SHIP Study.
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
Effects of cold atmospheric pressure plasma and disinfecting agents on Candida albicans in root canals of extracted human teeth
Enzymatic biofilm destabilisation to support mechanical cleansing of inserted dental implant surfaces – an in-vitro pilot study
Repeated exposure of the oral mucosa over 12 months with cold plasma is not carcinogenic in mice
Is Continuous Eruption Related to Periodontal Changes? A 16-Year Follow-up.
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
Polypharmacy and saliva volumes in the northeast of Germany - The Study of Health in Pomerania.
At which bone level are implants explanted?
Efficiency of cold atmospheric plasma, cleaning powders and their combination for biofilm removal on two different titanium implant surfaces.
Correction to: Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery.
Modular 3D printable orthodontic measuring apparatus for force and torque measurements of thermoplastic/removable appliances