Kaderali, Lars	65282
Multi-scale model for hepatitis C viral load kinetics under treatment with direct acting antivirals
Flunarizine prevents hepatitis C virus membrane fusion in a genotype-dependent manner by targeting the potential fusion peptide within E1
Several Human Liver Cell Expressed Apolipoproteins Complement HCV Virus Production with Varying Efficacy Conferring Differential Specific Infectivity to Released Viruses
Quantitative Proteomics Identifies Serum Response Factor Binding Protein 1 as a Host Factor for Hepatitis C Virus Entry
Transcriptome analysis reveals a classical interferon signature induced by IFNlambda4 in human primary cells
lpNet: a linear programming approach to reconstruct signal transduction networks
Retrospective survival analysis of 237 consecutive patients with multiple pulmonary metastases from advanced renal cell carcinoma exclusively resected by a 1318-nm laser
Clearance of persistent hepatitis C virus infection in humanized mice using a claudin-1-targeting monoclonal antibody
An integrative approach for a network based meta-analysis of viral RNAi screens
Comparison of microbiomes from different niches of upper and lower airways in children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis
Identification of HNRNPK as regulator of hepatitis C virus particle production
AAV8-mediated in vivo overexpression of miR-155 enhances the protective capacity of genetically attenuated malarial parasites
Role of hypervariable region 1 for the interplay of hepatitis C virus with entry factors and lipoproteins
Dynamic probabilistic threshold networks to infer signaling pathways from time-course perturbation data
Proteome analysis of the HIV-1 Gag interactome
Impact of raltegravir on HIV-1 RNA and DNA forms following initiation of antiretroviral therapy in treatment-naive patients
Incorporation of primary patient-derived glycoproteins into authentic infectious hepatitis C virus particles
An RNAi screen identifies KIF15 as a novel regulator of the endocytic trafficking of integrin
A new stochastic model for subgenomic hepatitis C virus replication considers drug resistant mutants
Detecting non-uniform clusters in large-scale interaction graphs
Apolipoprotein E codetermines tissue tropism of hepatitis C virus and is crucial for viral cell-to-cell transmission by contributing to a postenvelopment step of assembly
Cell entry, efficient RNA replication, and production of infectious hepatitis C virus progeny in mouse liver-derived cells
Isolate-dependent use of claudins for cell entry by hepatitis C virus
The SUMOylation Pathway Restricts Gene Transduction by Adeno-Associated Viruses.
Inferring causal molecular networks: empirical assessment through a community-based effort.
Oral Health and Quality of Life in Old Age: A Cross-Sectional Pilot Project in Germany and Poland
SAMHD1 is a biomarker for cytarabine response and a therapeutic target in acute myeloid leukemia
Systems biology of viral infection
ABHD5/CGI-58, the Chanarin-Dorfman Syndrome Protein, Mobilises Lipid Stores for Hepatitis C Virus Production
Reduced DNA methylation patterning and transcriptional connectivity define human skin aging
Autocrine TGF-?/ZEB/microRNA-200 signal transduction drives epithelial-mesenchymal transition: Kinetic models predict minimal drug dose to inhibit metastasis.
Multi-scale model for hepatitis C viral load kinetics under treatment with direct acting antivirals
Constitutional de novo and postzygotic mutations in isolated cases of cerebral cavernous malformations
High-throughput sequencing of the entire genomic regions of CCM1/KRIT1, CCM2 and CCM3/PDCD10 to search for pathogenic deep-intronic splice mutations in cerebral cavernous malformations.
Hepatitis C Virus Replication Depends on Endosomal Cholesterol Homeostasis
Deciphering the Origin and Evolution of Hepatitis B Viruses by Means of a Family of Non-enveloped Fish Viruses
Phosphorylation-Dependent Feedback Inhibition of RIG-I by DAPK1 Identified by Kinome-wide siRNA Screening
Postoperative course and prognostic value of circulating angiogenic cytokines after pancreatic cancer resection
Exome Sequencing Discloses Ionizing-radiation-induced DNA Variants in the Genome of Human Gingiva Fibroblasts.
The structural basis for cancer drug interactions with the catalytic and allosteric sites of SAMHD1.
A convolutional neural network for ECG annotation as the basis for classification of cardiac rhythms.
Comparative proteomics reveals a diagnostic signature for pulmonary head-and-neck cancer metastasis.
Mathematical Analysis of Viral Replication Dynamics and Antiviral Treatment Strategies: From Basic Models to Age-Based Multi-Scale Modeling.
Hepatitis C virus enters liver cells using the CD81 receptor complex proteins calpain-5 and CBLB.
Supplementary data for the biological age linked to oxidative stress modifies breast cancer aggressiveness.
Synthetic lethality in -amplified high grade serous ovarian cancer through combined inhibition of Polo-like kinase 1 and microtubule dynamics.
Comparison of Cell Arrays and Multi-Well Plates in Microscopy-Based Screening.
The biological age linked to oxidative stress modifies breast cancer aggressiveness.
Whither systems medicine?
Corrigendum: SAMHD1 is a biomarker for cytarabine response and a therapeutic target in acute myeloid leukemia.
Well-being and return rate of first-time whole blood donors.
Metabolic Cross-talk Between Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Internalized  as a Driver for Infection.
Ionizing Radiation alters the transition/transversion ratio in the exome of human gingiva fibroblasts
Can Supervised Learning Be Used to Classify Cardiac Rhythms?
Host factor prioritization for pan-viral genetic perturbation screens using random intercept models and network propagation
Efficient inactivation of pseudotyped HIV-based lentiviral vectors and infectious HIV
Benign uterine mass - Discrimination from leiomyosarcoma by a preoperative risk score: a multicenter cohort study
Reciprocal Effects of Fibroblast Growth Factor Receptor Signaling on Dengue Virus Replication and Virion Production
Deep sequencing of a recurrent oligodentroglioma and the derived xenografts reveals new insights into the evolution of human oligodendroglioma and candidate driver genes
Editorial: Integrative Computational Systems Biology Approaches in Immunology and Medicine
Selective Inactivation of Hypomethylating Agents by SAMHD1 Provides a Rationale for Therapeutic Stratification in AML
Interaction of  and Host Cells upon Infection of Bronchial Epithelium during Different Stages of Regeneration.
Determination of Immediate vs. Kinetic Growth Retardation in Physically Plasma-treated Cells by Experimental and Modelling Data
Genome-Wide DNA Alterations in X-Irradiated Human Gingiva Fibroblasts
Stimulation of soluble guanylate cyclase by riociguat attenuates heart failure and pathological cardiac remodelling.
Evaluation of two rapid antigen tests to detect SARS-CoV-2 in a hospital setting.
Mathematical Modeling of Hepatitis C RNA Replication, Exosome Secretion and Virus Release.
Identifying Differentially Expressed MicroRNAs, Target Genes and Key Pathways Deregulated in Patients with Liver Diseases.
Concomitant DNA methylation and transcripome signatures define epidermal responses to acute solar UV radiation.
Multi-omics network analysis reveals distinct stages in the human aging progression in epidermal tissue.
A Coupled Mathematical Model of the Intracellular Replication of Dengue Virus and the Host Cell Immune Response to Infection.
Mechanistic modeling explains the dsRNA length-dependent activation of the RIG-I mediated immune response.
Reconstruction and analysis of cattle metabolic networks in normal and acidosis rumen tissue.
Computational strategies to combat COVID-19: Useful tools to accelerate SARS-CoV-2 and Coronavirus research.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Decline in Pathogenic Antibodies over Time in VITT.
Modeling transcriptomic age using knowledge-primed artificial neural networks.
Sepsis induces interleukin 6, gp130/JAK2/STAT3, and muscle wasting.
Applications of AI/ML approaches in cardiovascular medicine: A systematic review with recommendations
Segment, Perceive and Classify – Multitask Learning of the Electrocardiogram in a Single Neural Network
Evidence for increased SARS-CoV-2 susceptibility and COVID-19 severity related to pre-existing immunity to seasonal coronaviruses.
Proteomic mapping of atrial and ventricular heart tissue in patients with aortic valve stenosis.
Convergent use of phosphatidic acid for hepatitis C virus and SARS-CoV-2 replication organelle formation.
Comparison of four commercial, automated antigen tests to detect SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern.
In-depth profiling of COVID-19 risk factors and preventive measures in healthcare workers.
ITN-VIROINF: Understanding (Harmful) Virus-Host Interactions by Linking Virology and Bioinformatics.
Hypertension delays viral clearance and exacerbates airway hyperinflammation in patients with COVID-19.
Most Anti-PF4 Antibodies in Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia are transient.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Riociguat attenuates left ventricular proteome and microRNA profile changes after experimental aortic stenosis in mice.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
Quantitative Interpretation of PF4/Heparin-EIA Optical Densities in Predicting for Platelet-Activating VITT Antibodies.
Inflammatory fibroblasts mediate resistance to neoadjuvant therapy in rectal cancer.
The proteogenomic subtypes of acute myeloid leukemia.
Impaired detection of omicron by SARS-CoV-2 rapid antigen tests.
Variable detection of Omicron-BA.1 and -BA.2 by SARS-CoV-2 rapid antigen tests.
Application of a maximal-clique based community detection algorithm to gut microbiome data reveals driver microbes during influenza A virus infection.
Vaccine-hesitant individuals accumulate additional COVID-19 risk due to divergent perception and behaviors related to SARS-CoV-2 testing: a population-based, cross-sectional study.
Virus variant-specific clinical performance of SARS coronavirus two rapid antigen tests in point-of-care use, from November 2020 to January 2022.
Mathematical modeling of plus-strand RNA virus replication to identify broad-spectrum antiviral treatment strategies.
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.