Schwahn, Christian	653
Clinical response of edentulous people treated with mini dental implants in nine dental practices.
High social support buffers the effects of 5-HTTLPR genotypes within social anxiety disorder
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Resin-based pit-and-fissure sealants: microleakage reduction and infiltration enhancement using a bonding agent.
Changes in Bone Levels Around Mini-Implants in Edentulous Arches.
Dental practitioner recruitment for a randomized clinical trial in the field to evaluate the performance of a new glass ionomer restoration material
Immediate versus delayed loading of strategic mini dental implants for the stabilization of partial removable dental prostheses: a patient cluster randomized, parallel-group 3-year trial.
GWAS Identifies New Loci for Painful Temporomandibular Disorder.
Association of salivary peroxidase activity and concentration with periodontal health: A validity study.
Association Between Symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Signs of Temporomandibular Disorders in the General Population.
Biologische Realität computergeplanter Zahnbewegungen mit Alignern- eine multizentrische, prospektive Untersuchung
Prosthetic Tooth Replacement in a German Population Over the Course of 11 Years: Results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
Genome-wide association reveals contribution of MRAS to painful temporomandibular disorder in males
Assessing the effect of multibracket appliance treatment on tooth color by using electronic measurement.
New Insights in the Link Between Malocclusion and Periodontal Disease.
Speichelperocidaseaktivität und -konzentraltion in Relation zur parodontalen Gesundheit (Salivary peroxidase activity and concentration in relation to peridontal health)
Nachuntersuchung von Patienten mit Miniimplantaten zur Stabilisierung von vorhandenen Teilprothesen.
Follow-up examination of patients with mini-implants for the stabilization of existing removable partial dentures.
Effect of self-assembling peptide p11-4 on orthodontic treatment-induced carious lesions.
Greifswalder Kooperationsstudie zur Intensivprophylaxe für Narkosekinder..
Association between coronal caries and malocclusion in an adult population.
New insights in the reproducibility of visual and electronic tooth color assessment for dental practice
What German dentists choose for their teeth: A Web-based survey of molar restorations and their longevity.
Cephalometric analyses for cleft patients: a statistical approach to compare the variables of Delaire’s craniofacial analysis to Bergen analysis
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
Intensivprophylaxe für Narkosekinder.
Randomized trial in split-mouth design to evaluate the effectiveness of manual and machine-aided cleaning of removable partial dentures
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Impact of operators' experience and patients' age on the success of nitrous oxide sedation for dental treatment in children
Multicenter RCT on intensive caries prevention for children undergoing dental general anaesthesia: Intensive caries prevention for children undergoing dental general anesthesia
Survival and stability of strategic mini-implants with immediate or delayed loading under removable partial dentures: a 3-year randomized controlled clinical trial.
Training of the lateral pterygoid muscle in the treatment of temporomandibular joint disc displacement with reduction: A randomised clinical trial