Kiel, Simone	66256
Evaluation of Ambulatory Geriatric Rehabilitation (EAGER): study protocol of a matched cohort study based on claims data
[Acupuncture covered by statutory health insurance in Germany : An observational study based on claims data.
Behandlungsverläufe und Nachhaltigkeit der Ambulanten Geriatrischen Komplexbehandlung - eine Analyse von 128 geriatrischen Patienten. Course of Treatment and Sustainability of Ambulatory Geriatric Rehabilitation – An Analysis of 128 Geriatric Patients.
Patients Ability to Provide Information about Prescribed Drugs - a Cross-Sectional Study in Ten General Practice.
Prevalence of thyroid abnormality: a comparison of ambulatory claims data with data from a population-based study
Effect of ambulatory geriatric rehabilitation on polypharmacy and potentially inappropriate medication-an observational study
Frequency of thyroid function tests and examinations in participants of a population-based study
Evaluation of an ambulatory geriatric rehabilitation program - results of a matched cohort study based on claims data
Evaluation of an ambulatory geriatric rehabilitation program - results of a matched cohort study based on claims data.
Cerumen Impaction Removal in General Practices: A Comparison of Approved Standard Products
Concordance of patient beliefs and expectations regarding the management of low back pain with guideline recommendations – a cross-sectional study in Germany
Zufallsbefund Schilddrüsenknoten: Bewertung des Krebsrisikos.
The course of thyroid nodules and thyroid volume over a time-period of up to 10 years: a longitudinal analysis of a population-based cohort
The course of thyroid nodules and thyroid volume over a time-period of up to 10 years: a longitudinal analysis of a population-based cohort
Referral criteria for chronic kidney disease: implications for disease management and healthcare expenditure-analysis of a population-based sample.
Concordance of Patient Expectations Regarding Guideline Recommendations for Management of Psychosocial Factors in Low Back Pain: A Cross-sectional Study.
Association of Anemia with Clinical Symptoms Commonly Attributed to Anemia - Analysis of Two Population-Based Cohorts
Entwicklung von Qualitätsindikatoren für die Versorgung von Patient:innen mit chronischer Nierenerkrankung.  Ergebnisse einer strukturierten Konsensfindung mittels Delphi-Verfahrens.