Hoferichter, Frances	70195
Socio-motivational moderators – Two sides of the same coin? Testing the potential buffering role of socio-motivational relationships on achievement drive and test anxiety among German and Canadian secondary school students.
Assessing adolescents' perceptions of their relationships with peers and teachers as sources of scholastic motivation: The REMO-P - a Philippine Version of the Relationship and Motivation Scales
A comparison of Russian and Philippine secondary school students on their socio-motivational relationships in school – a motivation typology.
The Big-Fish-Little-Pond Effect on the Four Facets of Academic Self-Concept
Similar but different—Social relations and achievement motivation in adolescent students from Montréal and Moscow
Mothers and fathers - who matters for STEM performance? Gender-specific associations between STEM performance, parental pressure and support during adolescence
Eisfeld, M., Raufelder, D., & Hoferichter, F. (2019). Wie sich Lehramtsstudierende in der Entwicklung ihres berufsbezogenen Selbstkonzepts und ihrer Selbstwirksamkeitserwartung in neuen reflexiven Praxisformaten von Studierenden in herkömmlichen Schulpraktika unterscheiden: – Empirische Ergebnisse einer landesweiten Studie in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Stressbewältigung bei Lehramtsstudierenden im Schulpraktikum.Ergebnisse zum Mentoring
(Praxis-)Reflexion durch Mehrebenen-Mentoring in der frühen Praxisphase von Lehramtsstudierenden
(Praxis-)Reflexion durch Mehrebenen-Mentoring in der frühen Praxisphase von Lehramtsstudierenden
The development of school well-being in secondary school: High academic buoyancy and supportive class- and school climate as buffers. Learning and Instruction
School-related pressure and parental support as predictors of change in student stress levels from early to middle adolescence
Do Belonging and Social Exclusion at School Affect Structural Brain Development During Adolescence?
Adolescents’ personality development – a question of psychosocial stress.
Support from Parents, Peers, and Teachers is differently associated with Middle School Students’ Well-Being
Kann erlebte Unterstützung durch Lehrkräfte schulische Erschöpfung und Stress bei Schülerinnen und Schülern abfedern?
The development of school well-being in secondary school: High academic buoyancy and supportive class- and school climate as buffers
How students’ motivational profiles change during the transition from primary to lower secondary school
The relation between sensory processing sensitivity and telomere length in adolescents
Biophysiological stress markers relate differently to grit and school engagement among lower- and higher-track secondary school students
Validation and reliability of the German version of the School Burnout Inventory.
How teacher and classmate support relate to students’ stress and academic achievement.
Associations between social media use, psychological stress, well-being, and alpha-amylase levels in adolescents
Investigating teachers’ job satisfaction, stress and working environment: The roles of self-efficacy and school leadership
An online art intervention reduces university students’ COVID-19 stress levels
Predictors of academic grades: The role of interest, effort, and stress