Meyer-Bahlburg, Almut Freda	70248
B-cell subsets are modulated during allergic airway inflammation but are not required for the development of respiratory tolerance in a murine model.
Human Basophils Modulate Plasma Cell Differentiation and Maturation.
Rheumatology - Integration into student training (RISA) : Current structure of clinical rheumatology in German universities (RISA III).
Reduced Number of Transitional and Naive B Cells in Addition to Decreased BAFF Levels in Response to the T Cell Independent Immunogen Pneumovax®23.
Basophilic granulocytes and autoimmune diseases. Can basophilic granulocytes modulate B-cell functions in systemic lupus erythematosus?.
Distinct Effect of Methotrexat and Etanercept on the B Cell Compartment in Patients with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
B-1 cells as source for IgA
Chronic arthritis in a boy with Cernunnos immunodeficiency
B cells control maternofetal priming of allergy and tolerance in a murine model of allergic airway inflammation
Patient's Experience in Pediatric Primary Immunodeficiency Disorders: Computerized Classification of Questionnaires.
PAPA-Syndrom mit Morbus Crohn und primär sklerosierender Cholangitis/Autoimmunhepatitis-Overlap-Syndrom
Decreased production of class-switched antibodies in neonatal B cells is associated with increased expression of miR-181b
Signatures of T and B Cell Development, Functional Responses and PD-1 Upregulation After HCMV Latent Infections and Reactivations in Nod.Rag.Gamma Mice Humanized With Cord Blood CD34+ Cells
PAPA syndrome with Crohn's disease and primary sclerosing cholangitis/autoimmune hepatitis overlap syndrome
Regulatory B cells control airway hyperreactivity and lung remodeling in a murine asthma model
Do Current Asthma-Preventive Measures Appropriately Face the World Health Organization's Concerns: A Study Presentation of a New Clinical, Prospective, Multicentric Pediatric Asthma Exacerbation Cohort in Germany
Instructions for Flow Cytometric Detection of ASC Specks as a Readout of Inflammasome Activation in Human Blood.
Tim-3 is dispensable for allergic inflammation and respiratory tolerance in experimental asthma
Diagnostik und Therapie bei Verdacht auf Immundefekt
Seronegative polyartikuläre JIA mit Lungebeteiligung – oder wohl doch nicht?
Microarray-Based Analyses of Rhinovirus Species-Specific Antibody Responses in Exacerbated Pediatric Asthma in a German Pediatric Cohort
IgA+ memory B-cells are significantly increased in patients with asthma and small airway dysfunction
Instructions for Flow Cytometric Detection of ASC Specks as a Readout of Inflammasome Activation in Human Blood.
Inflammasome activation and formation of ASC specks in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
IgA memory B-cells are significantly increased in patients with asthma and small airway dysfunction.