Pink, Daniel	70642
Perioperative chemotherapy with fluorouracil plus leucovorin, oxaliplatin, and docetaxel versus fluorouracil or capecitabine plus cisplatin and epirubicin for locally advanced, resectable gastric or gastro-oesophageal junction adenocarcinoma (FLOT4): a randomised, phase 2/3 trial.
Does rehabilitation pose a risk to patients suffering from haemato-oncological diseases? Results of a monocentric, retrospective analysis in Germany.
The Health-Related Quality of Life of Sarcoma Patients and Survivors in Germany—Cross-Sectional Results of a Nationwide Observational Study (PROSa)
Quality of life and outcome of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer receiving first-line chemotherapy with nab-paclitaxel and gemcitabine: Real-life results from the prospective QOLIXANE trial of the Platform for Outcome, Quality of Life and Translational Research on Pancreatic Cancer registry
Ipilimumab or FOLFOX with Nivolumab and Trastuzumab in previously untreated HER2-positive locally advanced or metastatic EsophagoGastric Adenocarcinoma - the randomized phase 2 INTEGA trial (AIO STO 0217)
Phase I study of panobinostat and imatinib in patients with treatment-refractory metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumors
Prognostic relevance of ¹?F-FDG PET uptake in patients with locally advanced, extremity soft tissue sarcomas undergoing neoadjuvant isolated limb perfusion with TNF-? and melphalan
Phase III randomized, double-blind study of paclitaxel with and without everolimus in patients with advanced gastric or esophagogastric junction carcinoma who have progressed after therapy with a fluoropyrimidine/platinum-containing regimen (RADPAC)
[Systemic Therapy Options for Locally Advanced and Metastatic Myxoid, Dedifferentiated and Pleomorphic Liposarcoma]
Metastatic Potential of Grade I Chondrosarcoma of Bone: Results of a Multi-institutional Study
Prognostic relevance of the mitotic count and the amount of viable tumour after neoadjuvant chemotherapy for primary, localised, high-grade soft tissue sarcoma
Risk factors for gastrointestinal stromal tumor recurrence in patients treated with adjuvant imatinib
Adjuvant Imatinib for High-Risk GI Stromal Tumor: Analysis of a Randomized Trial
[Treatment of soft tissue sarcomas including GIST - Update 2021].
Treatment of Angiosarcoma with Pazopanib and Paclitaxel: Results of the EVA (Evaluation of Votrient® in Angiosarcoma) Phase II Trial of the German Interdisciplinary Sarcoma Group (GISG-06)
Utilization of Interdisciplinary Tumor Boards for Sarcoma Care in Germany: Results from the PROSa Study.
Financial toxicity in sarcoma patients and survivors in Germany: results from the multicenter PROSa study.
Quality of life of GIST patients with and without current tyrosine kinase inhibitor treatment: Cross-sectional results of a German multicentre observational study (PROSa)
The association of Health-Related Quality of Life and 1-year-survival in sarcoma patients-results of a Nationwide Observational Study (PROSa).
FOLFIRI plus ramucirumab versus paclitaxel plus ramucirumab as second-line therapy for patients with advanced or metastatic gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma with or without prior docetaxel - results from the phase II RAMIRIS Study of the German Gastric Cancer Study Group at AIO.
Efficacy of Ipilimumab vs FOLFOX in Combination With Nivolumab and Trastuzumab in Patients With Previously Untreated ERBB2-Positive Esophagogastric Adenocarcinoma: The AIO INTEGA Randomized Clinical Trial.
FLOT Versus FLOT/Trastuzumab/Pertuzumab Perioperative Therapy of Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2-Positive Resectable Esophagogastric Adenocarcinoma: A Randomized Phase II Trial of the AIO EGA Study Group.
Transferability of health-related quality of life data of large observational studies to clinical practice - comparing retroperitoneal sarcoma patients from the PROSa study to a TARPS-WG cohort.
Distress in soft-tissue sarcoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumours patients-Results of a German multicentre observational study (PROSa).
Working situation and burden of work limitations in sarcoma patients: results from the multi-center prospective PROSa study.
Perioperative FLOT plus ramucirumab for resectable esophagogastric adenocarcinoma: A randomized phase II/III trial of the German AIO and Italian GOIM.