Dörr, Marcus	717
Efficacy of a Minicourse in Radiation-Reducing Techniques in Invasive Cardiology: A Multicenter Field Study
Latest-generation catheterization systems enable sub-millisievert invasive coronary angiography
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality
Stiffness of left ventricular cardiac fibroblasts contributes to ventricular dilation in patients with recent-onset cardiomyopathy
Ein Markov-Modell zur Kostenprognose der Herzinsuffizienz in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
A genome-wide association study identifies 6p21 as novel risk locus for dilated cardiomyopathy.
MRI-based Determination of Reference Values of Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population.
Role of Experience, Leadership and Individual Protection in the Cath Lab – A Multicenter Questionnaire and Workshop on Radiation Safety
Multicenter Long-Term Validation of a Minicourse in Radiation-Reducing Techniques in the Catheterization Laboratory
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
High Serum TSH Levels are Associated with Retinal Arteriolar Narrowing in the General Population.
ECG-gated coronary angiography enables submillisievert imaging in invasive cardiology.
Incidence of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality predicted by symmetric dimethylarginine in the population-based study of health in pomerania
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Novel genetic markers associate with atrial fibrillation risk in Europeans and Japanese.
Thyroid antibody status, subclinical hypothyroidism, and the risk of coronary heart disease: an individual participant data analysis.
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are not associated with exercise capacity and lung function parameters in two population-based studies.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Inflammatory markers and extent and progression of early atherosclerosis: Meta-analysis of individual-participant-data from 20 prospective studies of the PROG-IMT collaboration.
Genetic association study of QT interval highlights role for calcium signaling pathways in myocardial repolarization.
Ein Markov-Modell zur Kostenprognose der Herzinsuffizienz in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Is there a male-specific effect on hypertension?
Immunoadsorption therapy in dilated cardiomyopathy
Diagnosis of systolic and diastolic heart failure
A genetic variant in the seed region of miR-4513 shows pleiotropic effects on lipid and glucose homeostasis, blood pressure, and coronary artery disease
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
The effect of a repeated immunoadsorption in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after recurrence of severe heart failure symptoms
Integrating genetic, transcriptional, and functional analyses to identify 5 novel genes for atrial fibrillation.
Inididualisiertes körperliches Training bei Patienten mit Herzinsuffizienz
Assessing cutoff values for increased exercise blood pressure to predict incident hypertension in a general population.
A meta-analysis of gene expression signatures of blood pressure and hypertension.
Light to Moderate Alcohol Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Aortic Valve Sclerosis: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
[Exercise training as a key component of heart failure therapy].
Characteristics associated with non-participation in 7-day accelerometry
De novo acute heart failure and acutely decompensated chronic heart failure.
L-Arginine and SDMA Serum Concentrations Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Utility of repeat serum cholesterol measurements for assessment of cardiovascular risk in primary prevention.
Thoracic and abdominal aortic diameters in a general population: MRI-based reference values and association with age and cardiovascular risk factors.
Carotid Intima Media Thickness Progression and Risk of Vascular Events in People With Diabetes: Results From the PROG-IMT Collaboration.
Association of Cardiometabolic Multimorbidity With Mortality.
Endogenous androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin in women and risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
MD-2 is a new predictive biomarker in dilated cardiomyopathy and exerts direct effects in isolated cardiomyocytes.
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Association of sex hormones with incident 10-year cardiovascular disease and mortality in women.
Physiology of oxygen uptake kinetics: Insights from incremental cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Serum Thyrotropin Concentrations Are Not Associated with the Ankle-Brachial Index: Results from Three Population-Based Studies.
Directional dominance on stature and cognition in diverse human populations.
Association between hepatic steatosis and serum liver enzyme levels with atrial fibrillation in the general population: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Gewinnung von Jobcenter.Klienten für die Teilnahme an einem kardiopräventiven Untersuchungsprogramm
L-Arginine Derivatives Are Associated with the Hyperthyroid State in the General Population.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
High levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone are associated with aortic wall thickness in the general population.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Incident Myocardial Infarction and Coronary Heart Disease in Prospective Cohort Studies: The CHARGE Consortium.
Serum androgen concentrations and subclinical measures of cardiovascular disease in men and women.
Normative values for carotid intima media thickness and its progression: Are they transferrable outside of their cohort of origin?
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases.
Telemedical Care and Monitoring for Patients with Chronic Heart Failure has a positive Effect on Survival
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
Thyroid Function within the Reference Range and the Risk of Stroke: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Clinical correlates of sex hormones in women: The study of health in Pomerania.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
Association of Serum Thyrotropin with Anthropometric Markers of Obesity in the General Population.
Heart failure epidemiology 2000-2013: insights from the German Federal Health Monitoring System.
A reference panel of 64,976 haplotypes for genotype imputation.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Gene-gene Interaction Analyses for Atrial Fibrillation.
Multiethnic Exome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
PCSK9 genetic variants and risk of type 2 diabetes: a mendelian randomisation study.
Relation of Early and Late Stages of Glucose Metabolism Disturbances With Left Ventricular Geometry and Function: Are Sugar Kisses Bad for the Heart?
52 Genetic Loci Influencing Myocardial Mass.
Cystatin C and Cardiovascular Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Relationship between objectively measured Intensity of Physical Activity and self-reported Enjoyment of Physical Activity
The influence of wearing-schemes and supportive telephone calls on adherence in accelerometry measurement: results of a randomized controlled trial
Serum chemerin is associated with inflammatory and metabolic parameters-results of a population-based study
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Hypertension in Germany.
Reference intervals for Serum Sphingosine-1-Phosphate in the Population-based Study of Health in Pomerania
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
Data on subgroup specific baseline characteristics and serum sphingosine-1-phosphate concentrations in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Discovery of novel heart rate-associated loci using the Exome Chip.
Reach of Individuals at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease by Proactive Recruitment Strategies in General Practices, Job Centers, and Health Insurance.
Ankle-brachial index and peripheral artery disease are not related to restless legs syndrome
Ventricular and Supraventricular Ectopy in Subjects With Early Repolarization.
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Impact of atrial fibrillation detected by extended monitoring-A population-based cohort study.
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
Bluthochdruck in Deutschland Daten aus sieben bevölkerungsbasierten epidemiologischen Studien (1994–2012)
Ein Markov-Modell zur Kostenprognose der Herzinsuffizienz in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern A Markov Model for a Cost Forecast of Heart Failure in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Improved risk stratification in prevention by use of a panel of selected circulating microRNAs
Fifteen Genetic Loci Associated with the Electrocardiographic P-wave
Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Motivierung zu körperlicher Aktivität und Tabakrauchverzicht bei Patientinnen und Patienten mit hochnormalem Blutdruck
Transcriptome-Wide Analysis Identifies Novel Associations With Blood Pressure.
The Association between Bone Quality and Atherosclerosis: Results from Two Large Population-Based Studies.
Correction: Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Novel Blood Pressure Locus and Gene Discovery Using Genome-Wide Association Study and Expression Data Sets From Blood and the Kidney.
Sugars make the difference - Glycosylation of cardiodepressant antibodies regulates their activity in dilated cardiomyopathy.
Dynamic adaptation of myocardial proteome during heart failure development.
Visualization of Intensity Levels to Reduce the Gap Between Self-Reported and Directly Measured Physical Activity
Thyroid Function Within the Normal Range, Subclinical Hypothyroidism and the Risk of Atrial Fibrillation.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Genetic Interactions with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, and Hypertension in Relation to Atrial Fibrillation: The AFGen Consortium.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
New Blood Pressure-Associated Loci Identified in Meta-Analyses of 475?000 Individuals.
MOVING: A motivation oriented intervention study for the elderly in Greifswald: study protocol for a controlled, randomized trial
Hyperthyroxinemia is positively associated with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in two population-based samples from Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Erratum: Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Prediabetes is associated with microalbuminuria, reduced kidney function and chronic kidney disease in the general population: The KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) F4-Study.
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Pitfalls in accelerometer-based measurement of physical activity: The presence of reactivity in an adult population.
The soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator riociguat and the soluble guanylate cyclase activator cinaciguat exert no direct effects on contractility and relaxation of cardiac myocytes from normal rats.
Targeting sphingosine-1-phosphate lyase as an anabolic therapy for bone loss
Circulating angiopoietin-2 and its soluble receptor Tie-2 concentrations are related to inflammatory markers in the general population
Viral heart disease - treatment
A cross-sectional analysis of the associations between leisure-time sedentary behaviors and clustered cardiometabolic risk.
Prevalence and determinants of agonistic autoantibodies against ?1-adrenergic receptors in patients screened positive for dementia: results from the population-based DelpHi-study
Effect of blood pressure and total cholesterol measurement on risk prediction using the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation (SCORE)
Ceramide Remodeling and Risk of Cardiovascular Events and Mortality.
Common and Rare Coding Genetic Variation Underlying the Electrocardiographic PR Interval.
A Large-Scale Multi-ancestry Genome-wide Study Accounting for Smoking Behavior Identifies Multiple Significant Loci for Blood Pressure.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Reference values of vessel diameters, stenosis prevalence, and arterial variations of the lower limb arteries in a male population sample using contrast-enhanced MR angiography.
Association of Circulating Chemerin With Subclinical Parameters of Atherosclerosis: Results of a Population-Based Study.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
Low-Circulating Homoarginine is Associated with Dilatation and Decreased Function of the Left Ventricle in the General Population.
Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Predictive value for cardiovascular events of common carotid intima media thickness and its rate of change in individuals at high cardiovascular risk - Results from the PROG-IMT collaboration.
PR interval genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies 50 loci associated with atrial and atrioventricular electrical activity.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
Correction to: Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Metabolomic profiling implicates adiponectin as mediator of a favorable lipoprotein profile associated with NT-proBNP.
Patterns of accelerometer-based sedentary behavior and their association with cardiorespiratory fitness in adults
Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
GWAS and colocalization analyses implicate carotid intima-media thickness and carotid plaque loci in cardiovascular outcomes.
Publisher Correction: Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
Exercise training to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus: How does it work?
Changes in fat mass and fat-free-mass are associated with incident hypertension in four population-based studies from Germany.
Detection of atrial fibrillation with a smartphone camera: first prospective, international, two-centre, clinical validation study (DETECT AF PRO).
Socioeconomic Correlates and Determinants of Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Adult Population: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
WATCH AF Trial: SmartWATCHes for Detection of Atrial Fibrillation
[Assessing incident cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in epidemiological cohort studies in Germany].
Common Genetic Variation in Relation to Brachial Vascular Dimensions and Flow-Mediated Vasodilation
Correction: Predictive value for cardiovascular events of common carotid intima media thickness and its rate of change in individuals at high cardiovascular risk - Results from the PROG-IMT collaboration.
Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Assessment of the Relationship Between Genetic Determinants of Thyroid Function and Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study
Exercise training for patients with type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease: What to pursue and how to do it. A Position Paper of the European Association of Preventive Cardiology (EAPC)
Protein-coding variants implicate novel genes related to lipid homeostasis contributing to body-fat distribution.
Heterogeneous Metabolic Response to Exercise Training in Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction
Effects of Calcium, Magnesium, and Potassium Concentrations on Ventricular Repolarization in Unselected Individuals.
Reply: Watch Out: The Many Limitations in Smartwatch-Driven AF Detection
Invasive Validation of Antares, a new Algorithm to calculate central Blood Pressure from oscillometric upper Arm Pulse Waves
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
Do accelerometer-based physical activity patterns differentially affect cardiorespiratory fitness? A growth mixture modeling approach
Mendelian randomization evaluation of causal effects of fibrinogen on incident coronary heart disease.
Lipidomics, Atrial Conduction, and Body Mass Index.
Relation of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 with prevalent and incident atrial fibrillation in a population-based study.
Global plasma protein profiling reveals DCM characteristic protein signatures.
A multi-ancestry genome-wide study incorporating gene-smoking interactions identifies multiple new loci for pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure.
Towards a personalised approach in exercise-based cardiovascular rehabilitation: How can translational research help? A 'call to action' from the Section on Secondary Prevention and Cardiac Rehabilitation of the European Association of Preventive Cardiology.
Interobserver variability of ventilatory anaerobic threshold in asymptomatic volunteers.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
Progression of conventional cardiovascular risk factors and vascular disease risk in individuals: insights from the PROG-IMT consortium
KCND3 potassium channel gene variant confers susceptibility to electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Phenome-wide association analysis of LDL-cholesterol lowering genetic variants in PCSK9.
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
One simple claudication question as first step in Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD) screening: A meta-analysis of the association with reduced Ankle Brachial Index (ABI) in 27,945 subjects.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation analysis provide insights into the pathogenesis of heart failure.
Cardiorespiratory and Metabolic Responses to Exercise Testing During Lower-Body Positive Pressure Running
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
[Blood pressure measurement in the NAKO German National Cohort (GNC) - differences in methods, distribution of blood pressure values, and awareness of hypertension compared to other population-based studies in Germany].
Multi-ancestry GWAS of the electrocardiographic PR interval identifies 202 loci underlying cardiac conduction.
Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel blood pressure loci.
Do sociodemographic variables and cardiometabolic risk factors moderate the mere-measurement effect on physical activity and sedentary time?
Sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors for all HFrEF patients: can we afford it? A cost-effectiveness analysis of dapagliflozin
Levels of and determinants for physical activity and physical inactivity in a group of healthy elderly people in Germany: Baseline results of the MOVING-study
Carotid Lumen Diameter Is Associated With All?Cause Mortality in the General Population
Immunoadsorption for Treatment of Patients with Suspected Alzheimer Dementia and Agonistic Autoantibodies against Alpha1a-Adrenoceptor-Rationale and Design of the IMAD Pilot Study
Genetic Determinants of Electrocardiographic P-wave Duration and Relation to Atrial Fibrillation.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
Hauptsache aktiv - Sitzen und körperliche  Aktivität älterer Menschen im Alltag
Genetic loci associated with prevalent and incident myocardial infarction and coronary heart disease in the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) Consortium.
The sick right ventricle in endurance athletes: What is the contribution of the pulmonary vascular bed?
[Update Myocarditis].
Comparison and Combination of Single-Lead ECG and Photoplethysmography Algorithms for Wearable-Based Atrial Fibrillation Screening.
Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals.
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
[Assessment of self-reported cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in the German National Cohort (GNC, NAKO Gesundheitsstudie): methods and initial results].
Association of familial history of diabetes or myocardial infarction and stroke with risk of cardiovascular diseases in four German cohorts.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Cerebral small vessel disease genomics and its implications across the lifespan.
The effect of a video-supported assessment to increase the accuracy of self-reported physical activity.
Relation of body fat mass and fat-free mass to total mortality: results from 7 prospective cohort studies.
iPhone App compared with standard blood pressure measurement -The iPARR trial.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Association of proton pump inhibitor use with endothelial function and metabolites of the nitric oxide pathway: A cross-sectional study.
Energy Metabolites as Biomarkers in Ischemic and Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
Genome-wide association analysis in dilated cardiomyopathy reveals two new players in systolic heart failure on chromosomes 3p25.1 and 22q11.23.
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Educational Level, But Not Income or Area Deprivation, is Related to Macrovascular Disease: Results from Two Population-based Cohorts in Germany
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-sleep interactions identify novel loci for blood pressure.
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Antithrombotische Therapie nach strukturellen kardialen Interventionen. Kardiologe
The effect of spironolactone on diastolic function in haemodialysis patients.
Physical activity, sedentary behavior and risk of coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
The genomics of heart failure: design and rationale of the HERMES consortium.
A low-threshold intervention to increase physical activity and reduce physical inactivity in a group of healthy elderly people in Germany: Results of the randomized controlled MOVING study
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Meta-analysis of epigenome-wide association studies of carotid intima-media thickness.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Associations of carotid intima media thickness with gene expression in whole blood and genetically predicted gene expression across 48 tissues.
Identification of Functional Genetic Determinants of Cardiac Troponin T and I in a Multiethnic Population and Causal Associations With Atrial Fibrillation
Association of glycated hemoglobin A levels with cardiovascular outcomes in the general population: results from the BiomarCaRE (Biomarker for Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Europe) consortium.
NT-proBNP as a marker for atrial fibrillation and heart failure in four observational outpatient trials.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Association of adolescent lipoprotein subclass profile with carotid intima-media thickness and comparison to adults: Prospective population-based cohort studies.
Hospitalizations for heart failure: still major differences between East and West Germany 30 years after reunification.
Higher Trimethylamine--Oxide Plasma Levels with Increasing Age Are Mediated by Diet and Trimethylamine-Forming Bacteria.
Multi-Ancestry Genome-wide Association Study Accounting for Gene-Psychosocial Factor Interactions Identifies Novel Loci for Blood Pressure Traits.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Association of thyroid function with insulin resistance: data from two population-based studies.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Motivation to Change among Cardiovascular General Hospital Patients Aged 50 to 79 Years
N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide reference values in community-dwelling older adults.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate and vascular disease in the general population
Simultaneous assessment of spontaneous cage activity and voluntary wheel running in group-housed mice
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
DNA methylation signature of chronic low-grade inflammation and its role in cardio-respiratory diseases.
Genetic and clinical determinants of abdominal aortic diameter: genome-wide association studies, exome array data and Mendelian randomization study.
Validierung der kardiovaskulären Risikoprädiktion des arriba-Instruments Eine Analyse auf Basis von Daten der Study of Health in Pomerania.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
Genome-wide associations of aortic distensibility suggest causality for aortic aneurysms and brain white matter hyperintensities.
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Genome-wide association analyses of physical activity and sedentary behavior provide insights into underlying mechanisms and roles in disease prevention.
Framework and baseline examination of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Preliminary results of the cross-sectional associations of sedentary behavior and physical activity with serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor in adults with coronary heart disease
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
Reference Interval for Serum L-Homoarginine Determined with Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay in the Population-Based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Sex-specific associations of cardiorespiratory fitness and galectin-3 in the general population.
Insufficient physical activity and multimorbidity was associated with low physical functional performance in older adults: a cross-sectional study
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
Myeloid differentiation factor-2 activates monocytes in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy.
High-Mobility Group Box Protein 1 Is an Independent Prognostic Marker for All-Cause Mortality in Patients With Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
Negative Impact of the UEFA European Soccer Championship on Central Hemodynamics and Arterial Stiffness: A Multicenter Study.
tRNA-like Transcripts from the  Genomic Region Critically Influence Human Innate Immunity and Macrophage Functions.
Publisher Correction: Simultaneous assessment of spontaneous cage activity and voluntary wheel running in group-housed mice.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
[Fit for Two - A Study of Sedentary Behavior and Physical Activity During Pregnancy].
The DZHK research platform: maximisation of scientific value by enabling access to health data and biological samples collected in cardiovascular clinical studies
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
The Preventiometer - Reliability of a cardiovascular multi-device measurement platform and its measurement agreement with a cohort study
Proportional Internal Work-a New Parameter of Exercise Testing in Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Liver, kidney, blood and joints - the underestimated impact of non-cardiac comorbidities in acute heart failure.
Biomarker-based prediction of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with diabetes mellitus.
Associations of accelerometer-based sedentary bouts with adiposity markers among German adults - results from a cross-sectional study.
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.
Carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerotic plaques are associated with renal function decline: a 14-year longitudinal population-based study.
Distinct genetic liability profiles define clinically relevant patient strata across common diseases.
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.