Delcea, Mihaela	73154
Micropatterned array to assess the interaction of single platelets with platelet factor 4-heparin-IgG complexes.
Characterization of bonds formed between platelet factor 4 and negatively charged drugs using single molecule force spectroscopy.
Binding of anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies depends on the thermodynamics of conformational changes in platelet factor 4.
A novel contact model for AFM indentation experiments on soft spherical cell-like particles.
Another Surprising Finding in Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia - Eat Big.
Quantitative description of thermodynamic and kinetic properties of the platelet factor 4/heparin bonds.
Human neutrophil antigen-3a antibodies induce neutrophil stiffening and conformational activation of CD11b without shedding of L-selectin.
Polyphosphates form antigenic complexes with platelet factor 4 (PF4) and enhance PF4-binding to bacteria.
3D Micropillars Guide the Mechanobiology of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Stem Cell Mechanobiology: 3D Micropillars Guide the Mechanobiology of Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes (Adv. Healthcare Mater. 3/2016).
Rupture Forces among Human Blood Platelets at different Degrees of Activation.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
The architecture of neutrophil extracellular traps investigated by atomic force microscopy.
Biophysical tools to assess the interaction of PF4 with polyanions.
Specific Capture of Peptide-Receptive Major Histocompatibility Complex Class I Molecules by Antibody Micropatterns Allows for a Novel Peptide-Binding Assay in Live Cells.
Anti-platelet factor 4/polyanion antibodies mediate a new mechanism of autoimmunity.
The apelin receptor influences biomechanical and morphological properties of endothelial cells.
Role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and protein misfolding in disorders of the liver and pancreas
Reactivity of platelet-activating and nonplatelet-activating anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in enzyme immunosorbent assays under different conditions.
Imaging and Manipulation of Extracellular Traps by Atomic Force Microscopy.
Characterization of the interaction between platelet factor 4 and homogeneous synthetic low molecular weight heparins.
The impact of physiological stress conditions on protein structure and trypsin inhibition of serine protease inhibitor Kazal type 1 (SPINK1) and its N34S variant.
Maghemite nanoparticles stabilize the protein corona formed with transferrin presenting different iron-saturation levels
Specific domain V reduction of beta-2-glycoprotein I induces protein flexibility and alters pathogenic antibody binding.
Gas Plasma Technology Augments Ovalbumin Immunogenicity and OT?II T Cell Activation Conferring Tumor Protection in Mice
Unveiling the N-Terminal Homodimerization of BCL11B by Hybrid Solvent Replica-Exchange Simulations.
The effects of the chemical environment of menaquinones in lipid monolayers on mercury electrodes on the thermodynamics and kinetics of their electrochemistry.
A Hypothesized Mechanism for Chronic Pancreatitis Caused by the N34S Mutation of Serine Protease Inhibitor Kazal-Type 1 Based on Conformational Studies
Biguanide on Ti-Al-V Alloys by NaOH Treatment and Impact of Mass Coverage and Contamination on Cytocompatibility
Improved Adsorption of the Antimicrobial Agent Poly (Hexamethylene) Biguanide on Ti-Al-V Alloys by NaOH Treatment and Impact of Mass Coverage and Contamination on Cytocompatibility
Easy Expression and Purification of Fluorescent N-Terminal BCL11B CCHC Zinc Finger Domain.
Singlet-Oxygen-Induced Phospholipase A2 Inhibition: A Major Role for Interfacial Tryptophan Dioxidation
Loss of muscle mass and strength in experimental chronic pancreatitis
Marine Bacteroidetes enzymatically digest xylans from terrestrial plants