Beule, Achim G	750
Olfactory training is helpful in postinfectious olfactory loss - a randomized controlled multicenter study.
Recurrent cerebrospinal fluid leaks and bacterial meningitis in complex posttraumatic dural-lymphatic skull-base malformation after craniocerebral injury in childhood.
The antileukoprotease secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor (SLPI) and its role in the prevention of HPV-infections in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Geographical and anatomical influences on human papillomavirus prevalence diversity in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma in Germany.
[Position paper "Chemosensory testing for expert opinion in smell disorders"].
Staphylococcus aureus hemolysin A disrupts cell-matrix adhesions in human airway epithelial cells
Eradication of MRSA skull base osteitis by combined treatment with antibiotics and sinonasal irrigation with sodium hypochlorite.
Proteomic Changes of Tissue-Tolerable Plasma Treated Airway Epithelial Cells and Their Relation to Wound Healing
Epidemiology of chronic rhinosinusitis, selected risk factors, comorbidities, and economic burden.
[Non-allergic Rhinitis: Epidemiology, Diagnostic and Therapy].
[Oxidiertes Zellulosepuder als gutes Hämostatikum? - In Process Citation].
[Epidemiology of chronic rhinosinusitis, selected risk factors, comorbidities and economic burden].
Pansinusitis offenbart sich als invasive Mukormykose - Fallbericht und Diskussion
[Complications and complication management in rhinology]
[The Microbiome - The Unscheduled Parameter for Future Therapies]
[Management and complications of tumor resections of the midface]
Staphylococcus aureus alpha-Toxin Induces Actin Filament Remodeling in Human Airway Epithelial Model Cells
[Complications and side effects of conservative treatment of rhinological diseases].
Positionspapier: Hinweise zur Patienteninformation und -aufklärung vor Anwendung von Biologika bei chronischer Rhinosinusitis mit Polyposis nasi (CRSwNP) – Empfehlungen des Ärzteverbandes Deutscher Allergologen (AeDA) und der Deutschen Gesellschaft für HNO-Heilkunde, Kopf- und Halschirurgie (DGHNOKHC) – Teil 1: Dupilumab
Awake Rhinology Surgery in Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic in Europe.
Cross-cultural adaptation and validation of the 22-item sinonasal outcome test (SNOT-22) in German-speaking patients: a prospective, multicenter cohort study
Follow-up of a national web-based survey on the SARS-CoV-2 infectious state of otorhinolaryngologists in Germany.
[The first year of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic-impact on otorhinolaryngology].
Framework and baseline examination of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Population Based Average Parotid Gland Volume and Prevalence of Incidental Tumors in T1-MRI
Phytomedicine ELOM-080 in Acute Viral Rhinosinusitis: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Blinded Clinical Trial