Storch, Alexander	75007
Putaminal dopamine turnover in de novo Parkinson disease predicts later motor complications.
Intraindividual Variability of Nonmotor Fluctuations in Advanced Parkinson's Disease.
Oxygen Tension Within the Neurogenic Niche Regulates Dopaminergic Neurogenesis in the Developing Midbrain.
Nerve ultrasound in the differentiation of multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis with predominant lower motor neuron disease (ALS/LMND).
Assessment of Nonmotor Fluctuations Using a Diary in Advanced Parkinson's disease.
Correlation of Quantitative Motor State Assessment Using a Kinetograph and Patient Diaries in Advanced PD: Data from an Observational Study.
[Cellular replacement strategies and adult neurogenesis in idiopathic Parkinson's disease].
No association between Parkinson disease and autoantibodies against NMDA-type glutamate receptors.
Functional monoamine oxidase B gene intron 13 polymorphism predicts putaminal dopamine turnover in de novo Parkinson's disease.
Psychometric Properties of an Abbreviated Version of the Apathy Evaluation Scale for Parkinson Disease (AES-12PD).
Defective mitochondrial and lysosomal trafficking in chorea-acanthocytosis is independent of Src-kinase signaling.
Impairment in Respiratory Function Contributes to Olfactory Impairment in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Impaired DNA damage response signaling by FUS-NLS mutations leads to neurodegeneration and FUS aggregate formation.
Rasagiline improves polysomnographic sleep parameters in patients with Parkinson's disease: a double-blind, baseline-controlled trial.
Reply to "Converse well-being of locked-in patients and caregivers".
[Practical use of continuous apomorphine infusion via pump].
Nonmotor Fluctuations in Parkinson's Disease.
Lithium Sensitivity of Store Operated Ca2+ Entry and Survival of Fibroblasts Isolated from Chorea-Acanthocytosis Patients.
Nonmotor fluctuations: phenotypes, pathophysiology, management, and open issues.
Accelerated Age-Dependent Hippocampal Volume Loss in Parkinson Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Timing and Kinetics of Nonmotor Fluctuations in Advanced Parkinson's Disease.
Spatial learning deficits in Parkinson's disease with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Atrophy of the Vagus Nerve in Parkinson's Disease Revealed by High-Resolution Ultrasonography.
Quality of life in a German cohort of Parkinson's patients assessed with three different measures.
[Treatment of end-of-dose fluctuations: the need for an individualized approach].
Early Postnatal but Not Late Adult Neurogenesis Is Impaired in the Pitx3-Mutant Animal Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Putaminal Dopamine Turnover in de novo Parkinson's Disease Predicts Later Neuropsychiatric Fluctuations but Not Other Major Health Outcomes.
Longitudinal brain atrophy distribution in advanced Parkinson's disease: What makes the difference in "cognitive status" converters?
Asymmetry of Periodic Leg Movements in Sleep (PLMS) in Parkinson's Disease.
Olfactory dysfunction correlates with putaminal dopamine turnover in early de novo Parkinson's disease.
Frequency and risk factors of antibody-induced secondary failure of botulinum neurotoxin therapy.
Combined Dendritic and Axonal Deterioration Are Responsible for Motoneuronopathy in Patient-Derived Neuronal Cell Models of Chorea-Acanthocytosis.
?-Synuclein in Parkinson's disease: causal or bystander?
Disease stage dependency of motor and non-motor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease.
Validation of a self-completed Dystonia Non-Motor Symptoms Questionnaire.
[Dystonia Non-Motor Symptoms Questionnaire (DNMSQuest) for assessment of non-motor symptoms in dystonia : Intercultural adaptation in the German language].
Catecholaminergic Innervation of Periventricular Neurogenic Regions of the Developing Mouse Brain.
Norepinephrine is a negative regulator of the adult periventricular neural stem cell niche.
Increased Neuronal Differentiation Efficiency in High Cell Density-Derived Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Early Chronic Intermittent Maternal Hyperoxygenation Impairs Cortical Development by Inhibition of Pax6-Positive Apical Progenitor Cell Proliferation.
Disruption of NREM sleep and sleep-related spatial memory consolidation in mice lacking adult hippocampal neurogenesis.
Sleep Disturbances and Sleep Disordered Breathing Impair Cognitive Performance in Parkinson's Disease.
Dopaminergic Effect on Non-Motor Symptoms in Late Stage Parkinson's Disease.
One nerve suffices: A clinically guided nerve ultrasound protocol for the differentiation of multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
Chronic-Progressive Dopaminergic Deficiency Does Not Induce Midbrain Neurogenesis.
Dissonance in Music Impairs Spatial Gait Parameters in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.