Flöel, Agnes	76008
Low intensity transcranial electric stimulation: Safety, ethical, legal regulatory and application guidelines
Neuronal and behavioral effects of multi-day brain stimulation and memory training
tDCS-Induced Modulation of GABA Levels and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Older Adults
Intensive speech and language therapy in patients with chronic aphasia after stroke: a randomised, open-label, blinded-endpoint, controlled trial in a health-care setting
Impact of Resveratrol on Glucose Control, Hippocampal Structure and Connectivity, and Memory Performance in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Promoting Sleep Oscillations and Their Functional Coupling by Transcranial Stimulation Enhances Memory Consolidation in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Divergent regional patterns of cerebral hypoperfusion and gray matter atrophy in mild cognitive impairment patients
No Effect of Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Gamma-Aminobutyric Acid Levels in Patients with Recurrent Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
Feasibility and first results of a group program to increase the frequency of cognitively stimulating leisure activities in people with mild cognitive impairment (AKTIVA-MCI)
Modulation of dual-task control with right prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)
Safety and tolerability of spermidine supplementation in mice and older adults with subjective cognitive decline
Using resting-state fMRI to assess the effect of aerobic exercise on functional connectivity of the DLPFC in older overweight adults
Brain stimulation during an afternoon nap boosts slow oscillatory activity and memory consolidation in older adults.
Effects of Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation on Cognitive Functions in Healthy Young and Older Adults.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Neural Networks in Young and Older Adults
No Effects of Non-invasive Brain Stimulation on Multiple Sessions of Object-Location-Memory Training in Healthy Older Adults
Combining viscoelasticity, diffusivity and volume of the hippocampus for the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease based on magnetic resonance imaging.
The interaction between embodiment and empathy in facial expression recognition.
Age-dependent effects of brain stimulation on network centrality.
VEGF and GLUT1 are highly heritable, inversely correlated and affected by dietary fat intake: Consequences for cognitive function in humans.
Multimodal Assessment of Recurrent MTBI across the Lifespan.
Nonlesional late-onset epilepsy: Semiology, EEG, cerebrospinal fluid, and seizure outcome characteristics.
Functional connectivity in cognitive control networks mitigates the impact of white matter lesions in the elderly.
Role of Sensorimotor Cortex in Gestural-Verbal Integration.
tDCS-induced episodic memory enhancement and its association with functional network coupling in older adults
Hippocampal Pathway Plasticity Is Associated with the Ability to Form Novel Memories in Older Adults.
Transcranial direct current stimulation effects on neural processing in post-stroke aphasia.
Combined omega-3 fatty acids, aerobic exercise and cognitive stimulation prevents decline in gray matter volume of the frontal, parietal and cingulate cortex in patients with mild cognitive impairment.
Impact of Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation on Memory Functions in Healthy Older Adults.
Effects of Different Analysis Strategies on Paired Associative Stimulation. A Pooled Data Analysis from Three Research Labs.
Boosting Slow Oscillatory Activity Using tDCS during Early Nocturnal Slow Wave Sleep Does Not Improve Memory Consolidation in Healthy Older Adults.
Can transcranial direct current stimulation counteract age-associated functional impairment?
Altered paired associative stimulation-induced plasticity in NMDAR encephalitis.
cSPider - Evaluation of a Free and Open-Source Automated Tool to Analyze Corticomotor Silent Period.
Impact of leptin on memory function and hippocampal structure in mild cognitive impairment.
Impact of KIBRA Polymorphism on Memory Function and the Hippocampus in Older Adults.
Towards precise brain stimulation: Is electric field simulation related to neuromodulation?
Physical Fitness Training in Patients with Subacute Stroke (PHYS-STROKE): multicentre, randomised controlled, endpoint blinded trial
Effects of spermidine supplementation on cognition and biomarkers in older adults with subjective cognitive decline (SmartAge)-study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Novel Pathogenic Variants in a Cassette Exon of CCM2 in Patients With Cerebral Cavernous Malformations
Effects of a Multi-Session Cognitive Training Combined With Brain Stimulation (TrainStim-Cog) on Age-Associated Cognitive Decline - Study Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Phase IIb (Monocenter) Trial.
Cross-Reactivity as a Mechanism Linking Infections to Stroke.
Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial
The interactive effect of empathy and motor cortex stimulation on hand gesture comprehension.
Bariatric Surgery and Brain Health-A Longitudinal Observational Study Investigating the Effect of Surgery on Cognitive Function and Gray Matter Volume.
Spermine and Spermidine Modulate T-cell Function in Older Adults With and Without Cognitive Decline Ex Vivo
Immunoadsorption for Treatment of Patients with Suspected Alzheimer Dementia and Agonistic Autoantibodies against Alpha1a-Adrenoceptor-Rationale and Design of the IMAD Pilot Study
Acute neurological care in north-east Germany with telemedicine support (ANNOTeM): protocol of a multi-center, controlled, open-label, two-arm intervention study
Impact of COMT val158met on tDCS-induced cognitive enhancement in older adults
Inter-individual and age-dependent variability in simulated electric fields induced by conventional transcranial electrical stimulation.
Spermidine intake is associated with cortical thickness and hippocampal volume in older adults.
Cognitive training and brain stimulation in prodromal Alzheimer's disease (AD-Stim)-study protocol for a double-blind randomized controlled phase IIb (monocenter) trial.
Weight loss reduces head motion: Revisiting a major confound in neuroimaging.
Stimulating aged brains with transcranial direct current stimulation: Opportunities and challenges.
SARS-CoV-2 and Guillain-Barré syndrome: molecular mimicry with human heat shock proteins as potential pathogenic mechanism.
Immune Alterations Following Neurological Disorders: A Comparison of Stroke and Seizures.
Formulaic Language Resources May Help Overcome Difficulties in Speech-Motor Planning after Stroke.
Molecular mimicry between SARS-CoV-2 and respiratory pacemaker neurons.
A Peptide Link Between Human Cytomegalovirus Infection, Neuronal Migration, and Psychosis.
Memory-relevant nap sleep physiology in healthy and pathological aging.
Beneficial effects of cerebellar tDCS on motor learning are associated with altered putamen-cerebellar connectivity: A simultaneous tDCS-fMRI study
Guillain-Barré syndrome, SARS-CoV-2 and molecular mimicry
Relationship between trajectories of post-stroke disability and self-rated health (NeuroAdapt): protocol for a prospective observational study
A systematic review and network meta-analysis of interventions for subjective cognitive decline
Anti-Platelet Factor 4 Antibodies Causing VITT do not Cross-React with SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein
Gastrointestinal Hormones in Healthy Adults: Reliability of Repeated Assessments and Interrelations with Eating Habits and Physical Activity
Neuromodulation through brain stimulation-assisted cognitive training in patients with post-COVID-19 cognitive impairment (Neuromod-COV) – Study Protocol for a PROBE Phase IIb
Limited Add-On Effects of Unilateral and Bilateral Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Visuo-Motor Grip Force Tracking Task Training Outcome in Chronic Stroke. A Randomized Controlled Trial
Non-pharmacological interventions for improving language and communication in people with primary progressive aphasia: a network meta-analysis
Course of disease and risk factors for hospitalization in outpatients with a SARS?CoV?2 infection
Anti-neuronal antibodies against brainstem antigens are associated with COVID-19
Seroprevalence of vector-borne pathogens in outdoor workers from southern Italy and associated occupational risk factors
Impact of COVID-19 emergency on the psychological well-being of susceptible individuals
Intensive Social Interaction for Treatment of Poststroke Depression in Subacute Aphasia: The CONNECT Trial
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
Correction: Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
A Managed Care System with Telemedicine Support for Neurological Emergencies.
Duration of Surgery and Intraoperative Blood Pressure Management are Modifiable Risk Factors for Postoperative Neurocognitive Disorders Following Spine Surgery: Results of the Prospective CONFESS Study.
Neuromodulation through brain stimulation-assisted cognitive training in patients with post-COVID-19 cognitive impairment (Neuromod-COV): study protocol for a PROBE phase IIb trial.
Representing Sex and Gender Information in Biomedical Research.
Serum biomarkers of a pro-neuroinflammatory state may define the pre-operative risk for postoperative delirium in spine surgery