Nauck M	76358
The Association between Bone Quality and Atherosclerosis: Results from Two Large Population-Based Studies.
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Functional variants of OCTN transporter genes are associated with total and LDL cholesterol in a body mass-dependent manner
Interplay between RGS2 and childhood adversities in predicting anxiety and depressive disorders: Findings from a general population sample.
The relation between thyroid function and anemia: a pooled analysis of individual participant data.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
Meta-analysis of up to 622,409 individuals identifies 40 novel smoking behaviour associated genetic loci.
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
Construction of a biological age score to predict tooth loss over ten years
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction and depressive symptoms: protocol for a systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Associations of circulating chemerin and adiponectin concentrations with hepatic steatosis.
Metabolic signature associated with parameters of the complete blood count in apparently healthy individuals.
Relation of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 with prevalent and incident atrial fibrillation in a population-based study.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
Plasma Metabolomics to Identify and Stratify Patients with Impaired Glucose Tolerance.
A thyroid hormone-independent molecular fingerprint of 3,5-diiodothyronine suggests a strong relation with coffee metabolism in humans.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.