Ewert, Ralf	765
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are not associated with exercise capacity and lung function parameters in two population-based studies.
[Reference values for arterial oxygen content].
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
Physical Performance of Older Patients Training Regularly: Comparison with a Normal Population
Assessing cutoff values for increased exercise blood pressure to predict incident hypertension in a general population.
[Riociguat: Stimulator of Soluble Guanylate-cyclase].
Protective effects of endothelin receptor A and B inhibitors against doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy.
[Imatinib for pulmonary arterial hypertension].
[Targeted therapy of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH)].
Response to letters regarding article, "Anticoagulation and survival in pulmonary arterial hypertension: results from the Comparative, Prospective Registry of Newly Initiated Therapies for Pulmonary Hypertension (COMPERA)".
[Dyspnea : From the concept up to diagnostics].
[Dyspnoea in Patients with Pulmonary Hypertension (PH) - a Survey in Spezialized German PH Centres].
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
[Treatment of pulmonal hypertension].
[Expert Meeting Obstructive Airway Disease Measuring and Evaluating in COPD].
[Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) - Breath-functional Characterization and Disease Severity Assessment].
Improving hospital hygiene to reduce the impact of multidrug-resistant organisms in health care-a prospective controlled multicenter study
MR-proADM Predicts Exercise Capacity and Survival Superior to Other Biomarkers in PH.
Physiology of oxygen uptake kinetics: Insights from incremental cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Anticoagulation and survival in pulmonary arterial hypertension: results from the Comparative, Prospective Registry of Newly Initiated Therapies for Pulmonary Hypertension (COMPERA).
Vitamin D is associated with cardiopulmonary exercise capacity: results of two independent cohorts of healthy adults.
Oxygen Uptake Efficiency Slope and Breathing Reserve, Not Anaerobic Threshold, Discriminate Between Patients With Cardiovascular Disease Over Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Late outcomes after acute pulmonary embolism: rationale and design of FOCUS, a prospective observational multicenter cohort study.
Relative impact of COPD and comorbidities on generic health-related quality of life: a pooled analysis of the COSYCONET patient cohort and control subjects from the KORA and SHIP studies.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
[Expert Meeting on COPD: Personalized Treatment of COPD - Wishful Thinking or Reality?]
Procedural safety of a fully implantable intravenous prostanoid pump for pulmonary hypertension.
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Multi-ethnic Meta-analysis Identifies RAI1 as a Possible Obstructive Sleep Apnea Related Quantitative Trait Locus in Men.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Riociguat for pulmonary arterial hypertension and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension: Results from a phase II long-term extension study.
[Weaning Unit of the University Medicine Greifswald - Institutional Structure and Weaning Results from Prolonged Ventilation over 10 Years].
Intravenous treprostinil infusion via a fully implantable pump for pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Cardiopulmonary exercise testing for detecting pulmonary arterial hypertension in systemic sclerosis.
Voriconazole as mono-therapy in orbitofrontal erosive aspergillosis without gross total resection: A case report and review of literature.
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
[Exercise Testing in Respiratory Medicine - DGP Recommendations].
Long-term safety and outcome of intravenous treprostinil via an implanted pump in pulmonary hypertension.
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
Risk stratification strategy and assessment of disease progression in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension: Updated Recommendations from the Cologne Consensus Conference 2018.
Socioeconomic Correlates and Determinants of Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Adult Population: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
The 6MWT as a prognostic tool in pulmonary arterial hypertension: results from the COMPERA registry.
Intravenous treprostinil via an implantable pump in pediatric pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Targeted therapy of pulmonary arterial hypertension: Updated recommendations from the Cologne Consensus Conference 2018.
Prevalence and associated risk factors of periodic limb movement in sleep in two German population-based studies.
Predictive Capability of Cardiopulmonary and Exercise Parameters From Day 1 to 6 Months After Acute Pulmonary Embolism.
New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Practical management of riociguat in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
[Hemodynamic Definition of Pulmonary Hypertension: Commentary on the Proposed Change by the 6th World Symposium on Pulmonary Hypertension].
Interobserver variability of ventilatory anaerobic threshold in asymptomatic volunteers.
Intravenous treprostinil as an add-on therapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Author Correction: New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Prognostic value of cardiopulmonary exercise testing in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Impact of SARS-CoV-2 pandemic on pulmonary hypertension out-patient clinics in Germany: a multi-centre study.
[Current Aspects of Definition and Diagnosis of Pulmonary Hypertension].
Prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation: How much are the predictors subject to weaning protocols?
Exercise and fluid challenge during right heart catheterisation for evaluation of dyspnoea.
Predictors of survival after prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation.
Associations between Sleep Apnoea and Advanced Brain Ageing in a Large-Scale Population Study.
Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension phenotypes determined by cluster analysis from the COMPERA registry.
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
Myeloproliferative Diseases as Possible Risk Factor for Development of Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension-A Genetic Study.
Weaning from Invasive Ventilation in Specialist Centers Following Primary Weaning Failure.
Flow rate variance of a fully implantable pump for the delivery of intravenous treprostinil in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Pulmonary Hypertension in Adults with Congenital Heart Disease: Real-World Data from the International COMPERA-CHD Registry.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Childhood maltreatment and lung function: Findings from the general population.
Impaired lung function as a risk factor for accelerated brain ageing
Variants associated with HHIP expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Rare and low-frequency exonic variants and gene-by-smoking interactions in pulmonary function.
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Normative Peak Cardiopulmonary Exercise Test Responses in Canadian Adults Aged ?40 Years.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Monotherapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension at four German PH centres.
COMPERA 2.0: A refined 4-strata risk assessment model for pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Intravenous prostacyclin-analogue therapy in pulmonary arterial hypertension - A review of the past, present and future.
Temporal trends in pulmonary arterial hypertension: Results from the COMPERA registry.
Quality of Life 3 and 12 Months Following Acute Pulmonary Embolism: Analysis From a Prospective Multicenter Cohort Study.
Pulmonary Hypertension in Patients With COPD: Results From the Comparative, Prospective Registry of Newly Initiated Therapies for Pulmonary Hypertension (COMPERA).
A targeted proteomics investigation of the obesity paradox in venous thromboembolism.
[Invasive Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing: A Review].
Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Combined Pulmonary Fibrosis and Emphysema.
Variants associated with  expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
Strategies for optimizing intravenous prostacyclin-analog therapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Temporarily switching from oral to intravenous selexipag in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension: safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetic results from an open-label, phase III study.
Digital Tracking of Physical Activity, Heart Rate, and Inhalation Behavior in Patients With Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Treated With Inhaled Iloprost: Observational Study (VENTASTEP).
Inhalation of publicly available indoor insecticide spray caused myocardial infarction type II: a case report.
[Evaluation of Weaning Success in Long-Term Invasively Ventilated Patients at a Weaning Center].
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in the Prognosis Assessment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients: A Retrospective, Multicentre Cohort Study.
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Socioeconomic factors do not predict sleep apnea in a population sample from Mecklenburg?Western Pomerania, Germany
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Quality of Life in patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania
Sex-specific associations of cardiorespiratory fitness and galectin-3 in the general population.
Associations of Pulmonary Function with MRI Brain Volumes: A Coordinated Multi-Study Analysis.
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
Phenotyping of idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension: a registry analysis.
Chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension and impairment after pulmonary embolism: the FOCUS study.
Gene panel diagnostics reveals new pathogenic variants in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Correlation of Hemodynamic and Respiratory Parameters in Invasive Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing (iCPET).
The relationship between Alzheimer's-related brain atrophy patterns and sleep macro-architecture.
Prognostic Relevance of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing for Patients with Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension.
Comparison between thermodilution and Fick methods for resting and exercise-induced cardiac output measurement in patients with chronic dyspnea.
Do brachycephaly and nose size predict the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)? A sample-based geometric morphometric analysis of craniofacial variation in relation to OSA syndrome and the role of confounding factors.
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Prognostic Assessment of Patients with Interstitial Lung Diseases.
Risk stratification and response to therapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension and comorbidities: A COMPERA analysis.
Prognostic value of improvement endpoints in pulmonary arterial hypertension trials: A COMPERA analysis.
[Risk Stratification in Patients with Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension under Treatment - Results of Four German Centers].
Refined risk stratification in pulmonary arterial hypertension and timing of lung transplantation.
Lung Mechanical Constraints: The Achilles' Heel of Excess Exertional Ventilation for Prognosis Assessment?
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
Menopause is associated with obstructive sleep apnea in a population-based sample from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany
Proportional Internal Work-a New Parameter of Exercise Testing in Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Acute COPD exacerbation treatment with noninvasive ventilation.
Lack of structural brain alterations associated with insomnia: findings from the ENIGMA-Sleep Working Group.
Primary mitochondrial disease as a rare cause of unclear breathlessness and distinctive performance degradation - a case report.
Cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the follow-up after acute pulmonary embolism.
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.