Usichenko, Taras	800
Acupuncture as part of multimodal analgesia after caesarean section
Perioperative acupuncture: why are we not using it?
Verum and sham acupuncture exert distinct cerebral activation in pain processing areas: a crossover fMRI investigation in healthy volunteers
The last bite was deadly - About responsibility in scientific publishing.
Clash of confidence and responsibility in scientific publishing.
On the Origin of Scalp Responses - A Comment on the Letter of Polak et al.
Transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation may elicit anti- and pro-nociceptive effects under experimentelly-induced pain - a crossover placebo-controlled investigation
Acupuncture Reduces Pain and Autonomic Distress During Injection of Local Anesthetic in Children - A Pragmatic Crossover Investigation.
Akupunktur und Schmerz
Excellent satisfaction despite strong pain after caesarean section - an audit within the quality management system for postoperative pain.
How expensive is the quality in treatment of postoperative pain? Evaluation of the costs for analgesic drugs, involved in the implementation of the quality management system.
Automated chest compression device is useful to maintain circulation during advanced diagnostic of in-hospital cardiac arrest - a case report.
Injuries associated with the use of automated chest compression devices vs. manual compression for cardiopulmonary resuscitation - an audit at the university hospital.
Acupuncture for pain control after caesarian section - a prospective observational pilot study
Appropriate timing and intensity of PC6 stimulation for the prevention of PONV.
Akupunktur und Schmerz
Auricular acupuncture for pre-exam anxiety in medical students - a prospective observational pilot investigation.
Inhibition of the primary sensorimotor cortex by topical anesthesia of the forearm in patients with CRPS.
Prospective comparison of a PCR assay and a microbiological culture technique for identification of pathogens from blood and non-blood samples in septic patients
Preliminary Findings of Cerebral Responses on Transcutaneous Vagal Nerve Stimulation on Experimental Heat Pain.
acupuncture for pre-exam anxiety in medical students: a prospective observational pilot investigation
Auricular acpuncture for pre-exam anxiety in medical studentes: a prospective observational Pilot investigation
Acupuncture for pain control after Caesarean section: a prospective observational Pilot study
Remote Effects of Electromagnetic Millimeter Waves on Experimentally Induced Cold Pain—A Double-Blinded Crossover Investigation in Healthy Volunteers.
A retrospective analysis and mid-term follow-up of patients after medial opening wedge high tibial osteotomy (HTO).
fMRI evidence for a reduction in affective processing of thermal pain in responders of transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation (TVNS).
Auricular Acupuncture for Exam Anxiety in Medical Students—A Randomized Crossover Investigation
Nocebo effect of informed consent: circulatory collapse before elective caesarean section.
No doubts on „washout period“ and „no intervention group“ - a response to the comment of DR. Hua Ping et al.
Auricular acupuncture vs. progressive muscle relaxation and no intervention for exam anxiety in medical students – A randomized controlled trial with non-randomized condition
Transcutaneous auricular vagal nerve stimulation (taVNS) might be a mechanism behind the analgesic effects of auricular acupuncture
The effect of transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation on experimental heat pain – a crossover blinded sham- in healthy volunteers.
Remote Effects of Electromagnetic Millimeter Waves on Experimentally Induced Cold Pain: A Double-Blinded Crossover Investigation in Healthy Volunteers.
Method for continuous multichannel measurement of impedance at the auricular sites innervated by various cranial nerves.
The Impact of Integrated Multidisciplinary Palliative Care Program on Symptoms in Patients at the Palliative Care Ward-An Audit and a Protocol of Prospective Controlled Investigation.
Auricular acupuncture for treatment of preoperative anxiety in patients scheduled for ambulatory gynaecological surgery: a prospective controlled investigation with a non-randomised arm
Disparity between High Satisfaction and Severe Pain in Patients after Caesarean Section: A Prospective Observational-Controlled Investigation.
Effects of Electrical Transcutaneous Vagus Nerve Stimulation on the Perceived Intensity of Repetitive Painful Heat Stimuli: A Blinded Placebo- and Sham-Controlled Randomized Crossover Investigation.
Pain in the hand caused by a previously undescribed mechanism with possible relevance for understanding regional pain
Auricular Acupoints with Reduced Skin Resistance: Detection in Patients Scheduled for Hip Arthroplasty
Acupuncture for Pain Control After Cesarean Section - A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Investigation
Investigations on maladaptive plasticity in the sensorimotor cortex of unilateral upper limb CRPS I patients
Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial
Auricular stimulation vs. expressive writing for exam anxiety in medical students - A randomized crossover investigation.
Acupuncture for Relief of Gag Reflex in Patients Undergoing Transoesophageal Echocardiography-A Protocol for a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Auricular Acupuncture for Preoperative Anxiety-Protocol of Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials
Computerized 4-choice reaction time test for the measurement of psychomotor recovery after general anesthesia
AkupunkturPraxis
Stimulation of lactation using acupuncture-a case study.
Effectiveness of Acupuncture for Pain Control After Cesarean Delivery: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Auricular stimulation for preoperative anxiety - A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Correction: Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial.
Mechanisms of "Cough-Trick" for Pain Relief during Venipuncture: An Experimental Crossover Investigation in Healthy Volunteers.
Tracheal airway pressure in tracheostomy tube capping trials: an experimental study.
Effectiveness of acupuncture for pain control after Cesarean section is associated with the length of experience of the acupuncturist: observational data from a randomized clinical trial.
Safety of percutaneous dilatational tracheotomy (PDT) with the rigid tracheotomy endoscope (TED): a 6-month follow-up multicenter investigation.
Duration of Surgery and Intraoperative Blood Pressure Management are Modifiable Risk Factors for Postoperative Neurocognitive Disorders Following Spine Surgery: Results of the Prospective CONFESS Study.
Serum biomarkers of a pro-neuroinflammatory state may define the pre-operative risk for postoperative delirium in spine surgery