Aghdassi A	80251
The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409:G allele is associated with increased liver disease-associated mortality but reduced overall mortality in a population-based cohort.
Cathepsin D regulates cathepsin B activation and disease severity predominantly in inflammatory cells during experimental pancreatitis.
Development and Validation of a Chronic Pancreatitis Prognosis Score in 2 Independent Cohorts.
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Deficiency of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduction of neutrophil elastase activation and cleavage of E-cadherin.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Absence of the neutrophil serine protease cathepsin G decreases neutrophil granulocyte infiltration but does not change the severity of acute pancreatitis.
Early trypsin activation develops independently of autophagy in caerulein-induced pancreatitis in mice.
Nutritional management of chronic pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Role of Bile Acids and Bile Salts in Acute Pancreatitis: From the Experimental to Clinical Studies.
Cell Signaling of Pancreatic Duct Pressure and Its Role in the Onset of Pancreatitis.
Perceptions of genetic testing in patients with hereditary chronic pancreatitis and their families: a qualitative triangulation.
Molecular Mechanism Contributing to Malnutrition and Sarcopenia in Patients with Liver Cirrhosis.
Preclinical insights into the gut-skeletal muscle axis in chronic gastrointestinal diseases.
Lived Experience of Hereditary Chronic Pancreatitis - A Qualitative Interview Study.
Pancreatitis severity in mice with impaired CFTR function but pancreatic sufficiency is mediated via ductal and inflammatory cells-Not acinar cells.
Excess Body Weight and Pancreatic Disease.
[Imaging diagnostics in acute pancreatitis].
Identification of early predictors for infected necrosis in acute pancreatitis.
Systemic Bile Acids Affect the Severity of Acute Pancreatitis in Mice Depending on Their Hydrophobicity and the Disease Pathogenesis.