Calvisi D	80364
Hepatocellular glycogenotic foci after combined intraportal pancreatic islet transplantation and knockout of the carbohydrate responsive element binding protein in diabetic mice.
Loss of Pten synergizes with c-Met to promote hepatocellular carcinoma development via mTORC2 pathway.
Alterations of methionine metabolism in hepatocarcinogenesis: the emergent role of glycine N-methyltransferase in liver injury.
The complex role of bone morphogenetic protein 9 in liver damage and regeneration: New evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies.
Deregulation of methionine metabolism as determinant of progression and prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Notch2 controls hepatocyte-derived cholangiocarcinoma formation in mice.
Combined CDK4/6 and pan-mTOR inhibition is synergistic against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Hippo Cascade Controls Lineage Commitment of Liver Tumors in Mice and Humans.
Efficacy of MEK inhibition in a K-Ras-driven cholangiocarcinoma preclinical model.
Focal adhesion kinase activation limits efficacy of Dasatinib in c-Myc driven hepatocellular carcinoma.
MEK inhibition suppresses K-Ras wild-type cholangiocarcinoma in vitro and in vivo via inhibiting cell proliferation and modulating tumor microenvironment.
Axis inhibition protein 1 (Axin1) Deletion-Induced Hepatocarcinogenesis Requires Intact ?-Catenin but Not Notch Cascade in Mice.
Loss of Fbxw7 synergizes with activated Akt signaling to promote c-Myc dependent cholangiocarcinogenesis.
The mTORC2-Akt1 Cascade Is Crucial for c-Myc to Promote Hepatocarcinogenesis in Mice and Humans.
Cholesterol biosynthesis supports the growth of hepatocarcinoma lesions depleted of fatty acid synthase in mice and humans.
TEA Domain Transcription Factor 4 Is the Major Mediator of Yes-Associated Protein Oncogenic Activity in Mouse and Human Hepatoblastoma.
Functional role of SGK3 in PI3K/Pten driven liver tumor development.
Nuclear ErbB2 expression in hepatocytes in liver disease.
Transcriptomic and Proteomic Analysis of Clear Cell Foci (CCF) in the Human Non-Cirrhotic Liver Identifies Several Differentially Expressed Genes and Proteins with Functions in Cancer Cell Biology and Glycogen Metabolism.