Schmidt, Christian Andreas	806
Nuclear Factor-kB Pathway-Activating Gene Aberrancies in Primary Cutaneous Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Leg Type.
Submicroscopic genomic rearrangements change gene expression in T-cell large granular lymphocyte leukemia
Treatment of High-Risk T-NHL with Stem Cell Transplantation: A Single Center Experience.
Characteristic of A20 gene polymorphisms in T-cell acute lymphocytic leukemia
In Vivo Silencing of A20 via TLR9-Mediated Targeted SiRNA Delivery Potentiates Antitumor Immune Response.
Genetic rearrangements result in altered gene expression and novel fusion transcripts in Sézary syndrome
Hypermethylation of FOXP3 Promoter and Premature Aging of the Immune System in Female Patients with Panic Disorder?
Clinical course and end-of-life care in patients who have died after allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Are the Polyomaviruses BK and JC Associated with Opportunistic Infections, Graft-versus-Host Disease, or Worse Outcomes in Adult Patients Receiving Their First Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation with Low-Dose Alemtuzumab?
Urological complications associated with adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
The N-terminal CCHC zinc finger motif mediates homodimerization of the transcription factor BCL11B.
No Relapse of Calcineurin Inhibitor-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy after Discontinuation of Eculizumab.
No indication of increased infection rates using low-dose alemtuzumab instead of anti-thymocyte globulin as graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis before allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Recovery from hypogonadism and male health in adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Genome-Wide Analysis of Interchromosomal Interaction Probabilities Reveals Chained Translocations and Overrepresentation of Translocation Breakpoints in Genes in a Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma Cell Line.
Comparison of intravenous or intravesical cidofovir in the treatment of BK polyomavirus-associated hemorrhagic cystitis following adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation-A systematic review.
Is BK Virus-Associated Cystitis a Generalized Epithelial Disease?
Novel 3D organotypic urothelial cell culture model for identification of new therapeutic approaches in urological infections.
Targeting IL-11 in the treatment of BK virus-associated haemorrhagic cystitis-A promising new approach.
Can Isoflavones Influence Prostate Specific Antigen Serum Levels in Localized Prostate Cancer? A Systematic Review.
Molecular Mechanisms of Bortezomib Action: Novel Evidence for the miRNA-mRNA Interaction Involvement.
Implementation of Palliative Care in Clinical Practice in German Units for Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation: A Nationwide Survey.
Allogeneic stem cell transplantation for mantle cell lymphoma-update of the prospective trials of the East German Study Group Hematology/Oncology (OSHO#60 and #74).
Unveiling the N-Terminal Homodimerization of BCL11B by Hybrid Solvent Replica-Exchange Simulations.
Nuclear import of BCL11B is mediated by a classical nuclear localization signal and not the Krüppel-like zinc fingers
Easy Expression and Purification of Fluorescent N-Terminal BCL11B CCHC Zinc Finger Domain.
BCL11B depletion induces the development of highly cytotoxic innate T cells out of IL-15 stimulated peripheral blood ?? CD8+ T cells
Comparison of inpatient and outpatient palliative sedation practice - A prospective observational study.
Generation of Inducible  Knockout in  Transgenic Mouse T Cell Leukemia/Lymphoma Model.