Nauck, Matthias	828
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality
Relation of insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF binding protein 3 with markers of inflammation: results of a population-based study.
Tooth Loss, Periodontitis and Statins in a Population-based Follow-up Study
Sex-Specific Associations Between Thyrotropin and Serum Lipid Profiles.
[TSH-reference range of adults: results from the population-based study KORA F4].
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Das interdisziplinäre Liquorlabor
Aldosterone and glomerular filtration - observations in the general population.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
A randomised, controlled trial of self-monitoring of blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes receiving conventional insulin treatment.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Mitochondrial DNA variants in obesity.
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Optimizing centrifugation of coagulation samples in laboratory automation.
The association between IGF-I / IGFBP-3 and subclinical endpoints - epidemiology faces the limits.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relation of IGF1 and IGF-binding protein 3 with lipid metabolism.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Associations between thyroid hormones and serum metabolite profiles in an euthyroid population.
Association between serum vitamin D concentrations and inflammatory markers in the general adult population.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with autoimmune hepatitis type 1.
Blood cis-eQTL analysis fails to identify novel association signals among sub-threshold candidates from genome-wide association studies in restless legs syndrome.
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
Zaburzenia mitochondrialnego utlenia kwasow tluszczowych, w tym zespol VLCADD, w dobie badan przesiewowych noworodkow - wcale nie tak rzadkie rozpoznania
Genetic, psychosocial and clinical factors associated with hippocampal volume in the general population.
Factors Associated with Secondhand Smoke Exposure Prevalence and Secondhand Smoke Level of Children Living with Parental Smokers: A Cross Sectional Study
Serum reference intervals of homoarginine, ADMA, and SDMA in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Incidence of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality predicted by symmetric dimethylarginine in the population-based study of health in pomerania
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Interaction among childhood trauma and functional polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway moderate the risk of depressive disorders.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Function-impairing polymorphisms of the hepatic uptake transporter SLCO1B1 modify the therapeutic efficacy of statins in a population-based cohort.
Regional differences of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and prediabetes prevalence are not explained by known risk factors.
Shift of the Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Reference Range with Improved Iodine Supply in Northeast Germany.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Reducing tobacco smoke exposure in children aged below 4years - a randomized controlled trial.
A high aldosterone to renin ratio is associated with high serum parathyroid hormone concentrations in the general population
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
SCREENING FOR CYSTIC FIBROSIS IN NORTHERN GERMANY. DETECTION OF PROBLEMS AFTER IMPLEMENTATION IN A WHOLE FEDERAL STATE
Erfahrungen bei der Einführung des Mukoviszidose-Screenings in Mecklenburg/Vorpommern – Was muss vor der Einführung des bundesweiten Screenings noch geklärt werden ?
Multi-Ethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Cerebral White Matter Hyperintensities on MRI
Higher serum concentrations of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide associate with prevalent hypertension whereas lower associate with incident hypertension.
A Genetic Risk Score for Thyroid Peroxidase Antibodies Associates with Clinical Thyroid Disease in Community-Based Populations.
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
Lower bone turnover markers in metabolic syndrome and diabetes: The population-based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Neubeborenenscreening auf Mukoviszidose in M-V Ergebnisse und Erfahrungen
Fracture risk and risk factors for osteoporosis - results from two representative population-based studies in North East Germany (Study of Health in Pomerania: SHIP-2 und SHIP-Trend)
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
Regional Variation of Chronic Kidney Disease in Germany: Results From Two Population-Based Surveys.
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
L-Arginine and SDMA Serum Concentrations Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Discrepant post filter ionized calcium concentrations by common blood gas analyzers in CRRT using regional citrate anticoagulation.
Endogenous androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin in women and risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes.
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Association of sex hormones with incident 10-year cardiovascular disease and mortality in women.
Gender-specific pathway differences in the human serum metabolome.
Thyrotropin serum levels are differentially associated with biochemical markers of bone turnover and stiffness in women and men: results from the SHIP cohorts.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor 8 (MFG-E8) Is a Novel Anti-Inflammatory Factor in Rheumatoid Arthritis in Mice and Humans.
Estimated daily salt intake in relation to blood pressure and blood lipids: the role of obesity.
Urine Metabolomics by (1)H-NMR Spectroscopy Indicates Associations between Serum 3,5-T2 Concentrations and Intermediary Metabolism in Euthyroid Humans.
Vitamin D is associated with cardiopulmonary exercise capacity: results of two independent cohorts of healthy adults.
Distinct urinary metabolic profiles associated with serum TSH and FT4 concentrations
Knochengesundheit in Vorpommern
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
Measuring Biological Age via Metabonomics – the Metabolic Age-Score
Auswertung Interner Qualitätskontrollen: Vergleich zwischen der Rili-BÄK und den 1:2s und 1:3s-Westgard Regeln
Kennen Sie Ihr Labor? Ein Weg zur Selbstbewertung in medizinischen Laboratorien nach dem EFQM-Modell
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
ICU patients generate a pathogen-specific humoral immune response during sepsis
Quality assurance in the pre-analytical phase of human urine samples by (1)H NMR spectroscopy.
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies for Extraversion: Findings from the Genetics of Personality Consortium.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of anxiety disorders
Einführung des CF-Screenings in Deutschland - was ist für den niedergelassenen Pädiater wichtig?
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
Effect of body shape and inflammation on tooth loss in men and women
Serum androgen concentrations and subclinical measures of cardiovascular disease in men and women.
Circulating Irisin Concentrations Are Associated with a Favourable Lipid Profile in the General Population
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Magnesium/Calcium Ratio in Serum Predicts Periodontitis and Tooth Loss in a Five-Year Follow-up
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Clinical correlates of sex hormones in women: The study of health in Pomerania.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
A reference panel of 64,976 haplotypes for genotype imputation.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Impact of physical activity of individuals and creatine kinase on 99th percentiles of troponin I assays.
Associations of androgens with health care utilization and costs in women - Perspectives of a population-based cohort study.
Monitoring the prevalence of thyroid disorders in the adult population of Northeast Germany
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
The inverse link between genetic risk for schizophrenia and migraine through NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor activation via D-serine.
Metabolic Fingerprints of Circulating IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 Ratio: A Multifluid Metabolomics Study.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
Long-term stability of glucose: 96-h study using Terumo Glycaemia tubes
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
Troponin I and cardiovascular risk prediction in the general population: the BiomarCaRE consortium
Editorial zur Rili-BÄK.
Die Biobank der Nationalen Kohorte als Ressource der epidemiologischen Forschung.
Extending laboratory automation to the wards: effect of an innovative pneumatic tube system on diagnostic samples and transport time
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Serum chemerin is associated with inflammatory and metabolic parameters-results of a population-based study
3 Jahre Mukoviszidose-Screening für Neugeborene in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Ein Erfahrungsbericht für die bundesweite Einführung
Neugeborenenscreening auf Mukoviszidose in M-V: Ergebnisse und Erfahrungen
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Reference intervals for Serum Sphingosine-1-Phosphate in the Population-based Study of Health in Pomerania
Rare and low-frequency coding variants alter human adult height.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Plasma Fibroblast Growth Factor 23: Clinical Correlates and Association With Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality in the Framingham Heart Study.
Urinary metabolomics reveals glycemic and coffee associated signatures of thyroid function in two population-based cohorts.
Genetic effects influencing risk for major depressive disorder in China and Europe.
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Analytical robustness of nine common assays: frequency of outliers and extreme differences identified by a large number of duplicate measurements.
Data on subgroup specific baseline characteristics and serum sphingosine-1-phosphate concentrations in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Causal relationship between obesity and serum testosterone status in men: A bi-directional mendelian randomization analysis.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
Associations of androgens with depressive symptoms and cognitive status in the general population.
Sex-specific metabolic profiles of androgens and its main binding protein SHBG in a middle aged population without diabetes.
Investigating the causal effect of smoking on hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis in the CARTA consortium.
Living alone and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system: Differential effects depending on alexithymic personality features.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genome-wide association study of 1,5-anhydroglucitol identifies novel genetic loci linked to glucose metabolism.
Associations of aldosterone and renin concentrations with inflammation-the Study of Health in Pomerania and the German Conn's Registry.
The 99th percentile and imprecision of point-of-care cardiac troponin I in comparison to central laboratory tests in a large reference population
Estimating the causal effect of body mass index on hay fever, asthma and lung function using Mendelian randomization.
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Serum chemerin levels are inversely associated with renal function in a general population.
Collaborative meta-analysis finds no evidence of a strong interaction between stress and 5-HTTLPR genotype contributing to the development of depression.
Contamination of dried blood spots - an underestimated risk in newborn screening.
Sugars make the difference - Glycosylation of cardiodepressant antibodies regulates their activity in dilated cardiomyopathy.
Phenotype-driven identification of modules in a hierarchical map of multifluid metabolic correlations.
Phenotype-driven identification of modules in a hierarchical map of multifluid metabolic correlations.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Hair Cortisol in Twins: Heritability and Genetic Overlap with Psychological Variables and Stress-System Genes.
Two Statistical Criteria to Choose the Method for Dilution Correction in Metabolomic Urine Measurements.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Genetic Association of Major Depression With Atypical Features and Obesity-Related Immunometabolic Dysregulations.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction in depression: A systematic evaluation of candidate genes: The childhood trauma working-group of PGC-MDD.
Vitamin D and health care costs: Results from two independent population-based cohort studies.
Associations of genetic determinants of serum vitamin B12 and folate concentrations with hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
Association of sex hormones with physical, laboratory, and imaging markers of anthropometry in men and women from the general population.
Circulating angiopoietin-2 and its soluble receptor Tie-2 concentrations are related to inflammatory markers in the general population
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus
Comprehensive Metabolic Profiling Reveals a Lipid-rich Fingerprint of Free Thyroxine Far Beyond Classical Parameters.
Interplay between COMT Val158Met, childhood adversities and sex in predicting panic pathology: Findings from a general population sample.
High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin T: Association of Creatine Kinase Catalytic Activity With the 99 Percentile.
Physiological Aldosterone Concentrations Are Associated with Alterations of Lipid Metabolism: Observations from the General Population
Ceramide Remodeling and Risk of Cardiovascular Events and Mortality.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 44 risk variants and refine the genetic architecture of major depression.
The informative error: A framework for the construction of individualized phenotypes.
Associations of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 with bone quality in the general adult population.
Associations Between Plasma Chemerin Concentrations and Bone Quality in Adults From the General Population.
Identification of urine metabolites associated with 5-year changes in biomarkers of glucose homoeostasis.
Identifying gene targets for brain-related traits using transcriptomic and methylomic data from blood.
Association of Circulating Chemerin With Subclinical Parameters of Atherosclerosis: Results of a Population-Based Study.
Definition, classification and diagnostics of diabetes mellitus.
Analysis of shared heritability in common disorders of the brain.
Long-term stability of glucose: glycolysis inhibitor vs. gel barrier tubes.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
External quality assessment schemes for glucose measurements in Germany: factors for successful participation, analytical performance and medical impact.
Exome Chip Analysis Identifies Low-Frequency and Rare Variants in  for White Matter Hyperintensities on Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 143 risk variants and putative regulatory mechanisms for type 2 diabetes.
Association of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Vitamin D with Depression and Obesity: A Population-Based Study.
Hepatic steatosis associates with adverse molecular signatures in subjects without diabetes.
Kappa free light chains in cerebrospinal fluid to identify patients with oligoclonal bands.
Metabolomic profiling implicates adiponectin as mediator of a favorable lipoprotein profile associated with NT-proBNP.
Negative effect of vitamin D on kidney function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Genome-wide association study of 23,500 individuals identifies 7 loci associated with brain ventricular volume.
Impact of Glucose Measuring Systems and Sample Type on Diagnosis Rates of Diabetes Mellitus.
Higher HbA1c Measurement Quality Standards are Needed for Follow-Up and Diagnosis: Experience and Analyses from Germany.
Applying polygenic risk scoring for psychiatric disorders to a large family with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
Fallstricke bei der Diabetesdiagnostik: Wird zu lax mit Laborwerten umgegangen?
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus
High Thyrotropin Is Associated with Reduced Hippocampal Volume in a Population-Based Study from Germany
Association of alcohol consumption with allergic disease and asthma: a multi-centre Mendelian randomization analysis.
Genome Analyses of >200,000 Individuals Identify 58 Loci for Chronic Inflammation and Highlight Pathways that Link Inflammation and Complex Disorders.
Molecular Fingerprints of Iron Parameters among a Population-Based Sample.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Association of maternal prenatal smoking GFI1-locus and cardio-metabolic phenotypes in 18,212 adults.
Regional differences of macrovascular disease in Northeast and South Germany: the population-based SHIP-TREND and KORA-F4 studies.
Common Genetic Variation in Relation to Brachial Vascular Dimensions and Flow-Mediated Vasodilation
Associations of Mitochondrial and Nuclear Mitochondrial Variants and Genes with Seven Metabolic Traits.
Messqualität von „low density lipoprotein cholesterol“
HbA1c-Messung in Deutschland: Ist die Qualität ausreichend für Verlaufskontrolle und Diagnose?
Prospective associations of androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin with 12-month, lifetime and incident anxiety and depressive disorders in men and women from the general population.
Preventing misdiagnosis of diabetes in the elderly: age-dependent HbA1c reference intervals derived from two population-based study cohorts.
Genomics of 1 million parent lifespans implicates novel pathways and common diseases and distinguishes survival chances.
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-smoking interaction study of 387,272 individuals identifies new loci associated with serum lipids.
Verbesserte Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus. Eine interdisziplinäre Praxisempfehlung.
Heterogeneous Metabolic Response to Exercise Training in Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction
A catalog of genetic loci associated with kidney function from analyses of a million individuals.
Multiancestry Genome-Wide Association Study of Lipid Levels Incorporating Gene-Alcohol Interactions.
Regulation of sclerostin in glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis (GIO) in mice and humans.
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
Association of childhood traumatization and neuropsychiatric outcomes with altered plasma micro RNA-levels.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes mellitus
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
KCND3 potassium channel gene variant confers susceptibility to electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Decreased plasma phospholipid concentrations and increased acid sphingomyelinase activity are accurate biomarkers for community-acquired pneumonia.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
The Saliva Metabolome in Association to Oral Health Status
Measurement Uncertainty Impacts Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus: Reliable Minimal Difference of Plasma Glucose Results.
Relevant criteria for the selection of cryotubes. Experiences from the German National Cohort
Integrated biobanks facilitate high-quality collection and analysis of liquid biomaterials
Measurement repeatability profiles of eight frequently requested measurands in clinical chemistry determined by duplicate measurements of patient samples.
Associations between adipose tissue volume and small molecules in plasma and urine among asymptomatic subjects from the general population.
Überarbeitung der Rili-BÄK. Neue Anforderungen an das medizinische Labor.
Laboratoriumsmedizinische Untersuchungen. Richtlinie zur Qualitätssicherung überarbeitet.
Genetic studies of urinary metabolites illuminate mechanisms of detoxification and excretion in humans.
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Polygenic Architecture of Human Neuroanatomical Diversity.
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
Diagnostic value of kappa free light chains in patients with one isolated band in isoelectric focusing.
The Integrated Research Biobank of the University Medicine Greifswald
Free light chain kappa and the polyspecific immune response in MS and CIS - Application of the hyperbolic reference range for most reliable data interpretation.
Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: Obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery
Inferior vena cava ultrasound in acute decompensated heart failure: design rationale of the CAVA-ADHF-DZHK10 trial.
Trans-ethnic and Ancestry-Specific Blood-Cell Genetics in 746,667 Individuals from 5 Global Populations.
Genetic Studies of Leptin Concentrations Implicate Leptin in the Regulation of Early Adiposity.
Free light chains kappa can differentiate between myelitis and noninflammatory myelopathy.
Associations of a Panel of Adipokines with Fat Deposits and Metabolic Phenotypes in a General Population.
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Labordiagnostik in der Diabetologie der DDG und DGKL
Meta-analysis uncovers genome-wide significant variants for rapid kidney function decline.
Newborn Screening for SCID and Other Severe Primary Immunodeficiency in the Polish-German Transborder Area: Experience From the First 14 Months of Collaboration.
An individual participant data analysis of prospective cohort studies on the association between subclinical thyroid dysfunction and depressive symptoms.
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus: Update 2020
Disregarded Measurement Uncertainty Contributions and Their Magnitude in Measuring Plasma Glucose.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Interactions of anemia, FGF-23 and bone in healthy adults - results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Individual predisposition and the intricate interplay between systemic biomarkers and periodontal risk in a general population
Vitamin D moderates the interaction between 5-HTTLPR and childhood abuse in depressive disorders.
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study
Genome-Wide Association Study of Circulating Interleukin 6 Levels Identifies Novel Loci.
Alexithymia is associated with increased all-cause mortality risk in men, but not in women: A 10-year follow-up study.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
The genetic predisposition to longevity acts through behavioral phenotypes in females.
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Kappa Free Light Chains in the Context of Blood Contamination, and Other IgA- and IgM-Related Cerebrospinal Fluid Disease Pattern
Educational Level, But Not Income or Area Deprivation, is Related to Macrovascular Disease: Results from Two Population-based Cohorts in Germany
The effect of spironolactone on diastolic function in haemodialysis patients.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Association between different dimensions of childhood traumatization and plasma micro-RNA levels in a clinical psychiatric sample
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
Definition, classification and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus: update 2020.
Relative Efficacy of Different Strategies for Inhibition of in Vitro Glycolysis.
Rational clinical use of near-patient analytical systems for molecular detection of infectious agents.
Alexithymia and its association with cortisol in the general population
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Messunsicherheit und Minimale Differenz bei Diagnosestellung und Kontrolle des Therapieverlaufs des Diabetes mellitus. Wie tauglich ist die Labormessung?
Large-scale cis- and trans-eQTL analyses identify thousands of genetic loci and polygenic scores that regulate blood gene expression.
Differentially expressed genes reflect disease-induced rather than disease-causing changes in the transcriptome.
Requirements for electronic laboratory reports according to the German guideline Rili-BAEK and ISO 15189
Thyroid function, renal events and mortality in chronic kidney disease patients: the German Chronic Kidney Disease study.
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A metabolome-wide association study in the general population reveals decreased levels of serum laurylcarnitine in people with depression
Lack of Significant Association between Sex Hormone Concentrations and Atopic Dermatitis in Adolescents and Adults in Two Population-Based Studies.
Association of Thyroid Dysfunction With Cognitive Function: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
Epigenome-wide association study of serum urate reveals insights into urate co-regulation and the SLC2A9 locus.
Meta-analyses identify DNA methylation associated with kidney function and damage.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Association of adolescent lipoprotein subclass profile with carotid intima-media thickness and comparison to adults: Prospective population-based cohort studies.
Correction to: Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery.
Glukosemessung in der Diabetesdiagnostik und -therapie: Laboratoriumsmedizinische Untersuchung inkl. patientennaher Sofortdiagnostik, Blutglukoseselbstmessung und kontinuierliches Glukosemonitoring.
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus: Update 2021
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Association of thyroid function with insulin resistance: data from two population-based studies.
Plasma circulating micro-RNAs associated with alexithymia reflect a high overlap on neuropsychiatric outcomes.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Decreased Intrathecal Concentrations of Free Light Chains Kappa in Multiple Sclerosis Patients Taking Very High Effective Disease-Modifying Treatment
Genetics of osteopontin in patients with chronic kidney disease: The German chronic kidney disease study.
[Analytical Quality of Glucose Measurements in Germany].
Association between thyroid function and assessment of hepatic fat and iron contents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Circulating Metabolome and White Matter Hyperintensities in Women and Men.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
Course of disease and risk factors for hospitalization in outpatients with a SARS?CoV?2 infection
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Differential and shared genetic effects on kidney function between diabetic and non-diabetic individuals.
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Genetic loci and prioritization of genes for kidney function decline derived from a meta-analysis of 62 longitudinal genome-wide association studies.
Evaluation of a pneumatic tube system carrier prototype with fixing mechanism allowing for automated unloading.
The German National Pandemic Cohort Network (NAPKON): rationale, study design and baseline characteristics.
Association between bone turnover markers and periodontitis: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
A Method to Combine Neurofilament Light Measurements From Blood Serum and Plasma in Clinical and Population-Based Studies.
DNA methylation signature of chronic low-grade inflammation and its role in cardio-respiratory diseases.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor, Inflammation, and MRI Markers of Alzheimer's Disease in Predominantly Middle-Aged Adults.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
Links between ectopic and abdominal fat and systemic inflammation: New insights from the SHIP-Trend study.
Development and External Validation of a Multivariable Prediction Model to Identify Nondiabetic Hyperglycemia and Undiagnosed Type 2 Diabetes: Diabetes Risk Assessment in Dentistry Score (DDS)
Molybdenum Cofactor Catabolism Unravels the Physiological Role of the Drug Metabolizing Enzyme Thiopurine S-Methyltransferase.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
Heart-Type Fatty Acid Binding Protein, Cardiovascular Outcomes, and Death: Findings From the German CKD Cohort Study.
Framework and baseline examination of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
Vitamin D deficit is associated with accelerated brain aging in the general population.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
Definition, Klassifikation, Diagnostik und Differentialdiagnostik des Diabetes mellitus: Update 2022.
A New Laboratory Workflow Integrating the Free Light Chains Kappa Quotient into Routine CSF Analysis.
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
APOE ?4 in Depression-Associated Memory Impairment-Evidence from Genetic and MicroRNA Analyses.
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
Deciphering the Effect of Different Genetic Variants on Hippocampal Subfield Volumes in the General Population.
Association of osteopontin with kidney function and kidney failure in chronic kidney disease patients: the GCKD study
The relationship between cortisol awakening response and trait resilience in two patient cohorts and one population-based cohort
DNA methylation analysis identifies novel genetic loci associated with circulating fibrinogen levels in blood.
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
The interplay between micro RNAs and genetic liability to Alzheimer's Disease on memory trajectories in the general population.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Genome-wide analysis identifies genetic effects on reproductive success and ongoing natural selection at the FADS locus.
Relative Wirksamkeit verschiedener Vorgehensweisen zur Hemmung der in-vitro-Glykolyse
Epigenome-Wide Association Study Reveals CpG Sites Associated with Thyroid Function and Regulatory Effects on KLF9
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
Definition, Klassifikation, Diagnostik und Differenzialdiagnostik des Diabetes mellitus: Update 2022
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Biomarker-based prediction of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with diabetes mellitus.
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.
Novel (sulfated) thyroid hormone transporters in the solute carrier 22 family.