Stahl, Andreas	87016
Impact of angiogenic activation and inhibition on miRNA profiles of human retinal endothelial cells.
Anti-VEGF injection frequency correlates with visual acuity outcomes in pro re nata neovascular AMD treatment
Acute unilateral maculopathy associated with adult onset of hand, foot and mouth disease: a case report
Ranibizumab versus laser therapy for the treatment of very low birthweight infants with retinopathy of prematurity (RAINBOW): an open-label randomised controlled trial
Characterization of lymphatic malformations using primary cells and tissue transcriptomes
Individual Risk Prediction for Sight-Threatening Retinopathy of Prematurity Using Birth Characteristics
Necrotizing enterocolitis after intravitreal bevacizumab in an infant with Incontinentia Pigmenti - a case report
Efficacy and safety of ranibizumab with or without panretinal laser photocoagulation versus laser photocoagulation alone in proliferative diabetic retinopathy - the PRIDE study
OCT Angiography of the Choriocapillaris in Central Serous Chorioretinopathy: A Quantitative Subgroup Analysis
Describing Retinopathy of Prematurity: Current Limitations and New Challenges
Technical aspects of quality assurance for intravitreal injections (IVI)
Potential of methods of artificial intelligence for quality assurance
Novel insights into retinal neovascularization secondary to central serous chorioretinopathy using 3D optical coherence tomography angiography
Extraction of features from clinical routine data using text mining
Quality of life and olfactory function after suprasellar craniopharyngioma surgery-a single-center experience comparing transcranial and endoscopic endonasal approaches
Temporospatial distribution and transcriptional profile of retinal microglia in the oxygen-induced retinopathy mouse model.
Validation of the Retinopathy of Prematurity Activity Scale (ROP-ActS) using retrospective clinical data.
Transcriptomic Characterization of Human Choroidal Neovascular Membranes Identifies Calprotectin as a Novel Biomarker for Patients with Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
CNTF Prevents Development of Outer Retinal Neovascularization Through Upregulation of CxCl10
Transcriptional Profiling Uncovers Human Hyalocytes as a Unique Innate Immune Cell Population
Zusammenhangsgutachten bei Verletzungen der Netzhaut – Aufgaben des augenärztlichen Sachverständigen
Incidence of retinopathy of prematurity in Germany: evaluation of current screening criteria
The Diagnosis and Treatment of Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
Ranibizumab Population Pharmacokinetics and Free VEGF Pharmacodynamics in Preterm Infants With Retinopathy of Prematurity in the RAINBOW Trial
Augenärztliche Screening-Untersuchung bei Frühgeborenen (S2k-Level, AWMF-Leitlinien-Register-Nr. 024/010, März 2020)
Ranibizumab in retinopathy of prematurity - one-year follow-up of ophthalmic outcomes and two-year follow-up of neurodevelopmental outcomes from the CARE-ROP study
Real-life medium term follow-up data for intravitreal dexamethasone implant in retinal vein occlusion
Retinal Vessel Functionality Is Linked With ARMS2 A69S and CFH Y402H Polymorphisms and Choroidal Status in AMD Patients
Development and validation of a new clinical decision support tool to optimize screening for retinopathy of prematurity
Observational outcomes in proliferative diabetic retinopathy patients following treatment with ranibizumab, panretinal laser photocoagulation or combination therapy - The non-interventional second year follow-up to the PRIDE study
International Classification of Retinopathy of Prematurity, Third Edition
[Guidelines for ophthalmological screening of premature infants in Germany (S2k level, AWMF guidelines register no. 024/010, March 2020) : Joint recommendation of the German Ophthalmological Society (DOG), Retinological Society (RG), Professional Association of Ophthalmologists in Germany e. V. (BVA), German Society of Paediatrics and Adolescent Medicine (DGKJ), Professional Association of Pediatricians (BVKJ), Federal Association "The Premature Child" , Society for Neonatology and Paediatric Intensive Care Medicine (GNPI)]
2-year outcomes of ranibizumab versus laser therapy for the treatment of very low birthweight infants with retinopathy of prematurity (RAINBOW extension study): prospective follow-up of an open label, randomised controlled trial
[Screening for retinopathy of prematurity-the most important changes in the new German guidelines 2020]
Epidemiologie und Therapie der behandlungsbedürftigen Frühgeborenenretinopathie. Die Hannoveraner Daten im Retina.net ROP-Register von 2001 bis 2017
In-Depth Molecular Characterization of Neovascular Membranes Suggests a Role for Hyalocyte-to- Myofibroblast Transdifferentiation in  Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy
Okuläres Trauma durch eine Wühlmausschussfalle
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
[Use of artificial intelligence in screening for diabetic retinopathy at a tertiary diabetes center].
Time Course of Retinopathy of Prematurity Regression and Reactivation After Treatment With Ranibizumab or Laser in the RAINBOW Trial.
Frühgeborenenretinopathie Aktuelle Aspekte zu Klassifikation, Screening und Therapie
Anti-drug antibodies to brolucizumab and ranibizumab in serum and vitreous of patients with ocular disease.
National guideline for ophthalmological screening of premature infants in Germany (S2k level, AWMF guidelines register no. 024/010, March 2020) : Joint recommendation of the German Ophthalmological Society (DOG), German Retina Society (RG), Professional Association of Ophthalmologists in Germany (BVA), German Society of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine (DGKJ), Professional Association of Pediatricians (BVKJ), Federal Association "The Premature Infant", Society for Neonatology and Pediatric Intensive Care Medicine (GNPI).
[Retinopathy of Prematurity - Update on Classification, Screening, and Therapy].
Single-Cell Protein and Transcriptional Characterization of Epiretinal Membranes From Patients With Proliferative Vitreoretinopathy.
Sema3f Protects Against Subretinal Neovascularization In Vivo
Effect of Intravitreal Aflibercept vs Laser Photocoagulation on Treatment Success of Retinopathy of Prematurity: The FIREFLEYE Randomized Clinical Trial.
Retinal Vascular Occlusion after COVID-19 Vaccination: More Coincidence than Causal Relationship? Data from a Retrospective Multicentre Study.
Retinopathy of prematurity.
[Photo-based examination for diabetic eye pathologies in a German ophthalmological practice without personal doctor-patient contact].
Immunophenotyping of Circulating and Intratumoral Myeloid and T Cells in Glioblastoma Patients
[Sudden painless unilateral visual deterioration in a young male patient].
Assessment of Retinopathy of Prematurity Regression and Reactivation Using an Artificial Intelligence-Based Vascular Severity Score.
Trauma to the Eye: Diffusion Restriction on MRI as a Surrogate Marker for Blindness.
Current practice in the treatment of epithelial and melanocytic tumors with Interferon-alpha 2b: a survey among tertiary eye centers in Germany.
Faricimab in der Therapie der neovaskulären (feuchten) altersabhängigen Makuladegeneration und des diabetischen Makulaödems
[Late sequelae of retinopathy of prematurity in infancy].
Application of deep learning algorithms for diabetic retinopathy screening.