Sch?nborn, Linda	89181
Characteristics of recipients of red blood cell concentrates in a German federal state
Population-based Analysis of the Impact of Demographics on the Current and Future Blood Supply in the Saarland
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
A Flow cytometric assay to detect platelet activating antibodies in VITT after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination.
Decline in Pathogenic Antibodies over Time in VITT.
Vaccine-Induced Thrombocytopenia with Severe Headache.
VITT after ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 Vaccination. Reply.
Complicated Long Term Vaccine Induced Thrombotic Immune Thrombocytopenia-A Case Report.
Heterogeneity of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination and safety of second vaccination with BNT162b2.
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Laboratory confirmed vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia: Retrospective analysis of reported cases after vaccination with ChAdOx-1 nCoV-19 in Germany.
Platelet-activating anti-PF4 antibodies mimicking VITT antibodies in an unvaccinated patient with monoclonal gammopathy.
Vaccine-induced immune thrombocytopenia and thrombosis: The decline in anti-platelet factor 4 antibodies is assay-dependent.
Most Anti-PF4 Antibodies in Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia are transient.
Longitudinal Aspects of VITT.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Risk of Blood Bag Lesions Induced by Standard Transfusion Devices
SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Patients with a History of VITT.
Early recognition and treatment of pre-VITT syndrome after adenoviral vector-based SARS-CoV-2 vaccination may prevent from thrombotic complications: review of published cases and clinical pathway.
Quantitative Interpretation of PF4/Heparin-EIA Optical Densities in Predicting for Platelet-Activating VITT Antibodies.
Vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT) after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination: Two cases from Germany with unusual presentation.