Grube, Markus	895
St. John's Wort Reduces Beta-Amyloid Accumulation in a Double Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model-Role of P-Glycoprotein.
Targeting CNS Transporters for Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Expression of drug transporters and drug metabolizing enzymes in the bladder urothelium in man and affinity of the bladder spasmolytic trospium chloride to transporters likely involved in its pharmacokinetics.
cAMP regulates expression of the cyclic nucleotide transporter MRP4 (ABCC4) through the EPAC pathway.
Protective effects of endothelin receptor A and B inhibitors against doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy.
Pharmacokinetics and pulmonary distribution of clarithromycin and rifampicin after concomitant and consecutive administration in foals.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Expression of Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 1A2 in Red Blood Cells and Its Potential Impact on Antimalarial Therapy.
Lack of P-glycoprotein Results in Impairment of Removal of Beta-Amyloid and Increased Intraparenchymal Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy after Active Immunization in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Pharmacological indices and pulmonary distribution of rifampicin after repeated oral administration in healthy foals.
The organic anion transporting peptide (OATP) 2B1 is localized in the basolateral membrane of the human jejunum and Caco-2 monolayers.
Doxorubicin enhances oxysterol levels resulting in a LXR-mediated upregulation of cardiac cholesterol transporters.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
Functional variants of OCTN transporter genes are associated with total and LDL cholesterol in a body mass-dependent manner
The scaffold protein PDZK1 modulates expression and function of the organic anion transporting polypeptide 2B1.
Neurosteroid Transport in the Brain: Role of ABC and SLC Transporters.
Functionel variants of carnitine transporter genes are associated with periodontitis and edentulism related to cholesterol and obesity
L-Carnitine Mediated Tumor Cell Protection and Poor Patient Survival Associated with OCTN2 Overexpression in Glioblastoma Multiforme
OATP1A2 and OATP2B1 Are Interacting with Dopamine-Receptor Agonists and Antagonists
Genetic variants of SLCO1B7 are of relevance for the transport function of OATP1B3-1B7.
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?
Tooth loss and adiposity: possible role of carnitine transporter (OCTN1/2) polymorphisms in women but not in men.
PIM1 Inhibition Affects Glioblastoma Stem Cell Behavior and Kills Glioblastoma Stem-like Cells