Krüger, Markus	89882
Mental rotation and the motor system: Embodiment head over heels
Analogue mental transformations in three-year-olds: Introducing a new mental rotation paradigm suitable for young children
Children‘s spatial representations: Three- and four-year-olds are affected by irrelevant peripheral references.
View makes a difference: Presenting human figures from the back or front affects mental spatial transformations of children and adults.
Contrasting preschoolers’ verbal reasoning in an object-individuation task with young infants’ preverbal feats.
Let's twist again! Embodiment effects in spatial judgements on human figures rotated along a vertical axis.
Does the motor system facilitate spatial imagery? Effects of motor action and perception on spatial transformations in human development.
Adult's sex difference in a dynamic mental rotation task: Validating infant results.
Theory of Mind and the video deficit effect: Video presentation impairs children's encoding and understanding of False Belief
Mental rotation and the human body: Children's inflexible use of embodiment mirrors that of adults.
Illuminating the Dark Ages: Pupil Dilation as a Measure of Expectancy Violation Across the Life Span.
Theory of Mind and the video deficit effect: Video presentation impairs children’s encoding and understanding of False Belief
dataquieR: assessment of data quality in epidemiological research
Preventiometer, a Novel Wellness Assessment Device, Used With Healthy Volunteers: A Phase 2 Study
Preventiometer, a Novel Wellness Assessment Device, Used With Healthy Volunteers: A Phase 2 Study
Socioeconomic factors do not predict sleep apnea in a population sample from Mecklenburg?Western Pomerania, Germany
Quality of Life in patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania
Do brachycephaly and nose size predict the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)? A sample-based geometric morphometric analysis of craniofacial variation in relation to OSA syndrome and the role of confounding factors.
Menopause is associated with obstructive sleep apnea in a population-based sample from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany
The Preventiometer - Reliability of a cardiovascular multi-device measurement platform and its measurement agreement with a cohort study