Freyer-Adam, Jennis	929
Hilfen zu problematischem Alkoholkonsum - Noch kommen wir zu spät
Does stage tailoring matter in brief alcohol interventions for job-seekers? A randomized controlled trial.
Patterns of health risk behaviors among job-seekers: a latent class analysis.
The impact of a stage tailored intervention on alcohol use trajectories among those who do not intend to change.
Verhaltensbasierte Prävention chronischer Krankheiten [Behavior-based prevention of chronic diseases]
Belief incongruence and the intention-behavior gap in persons with at-risk alcohol use.
The Stability of Social Desirability: A Latent Change Analysis.
Persönliche vs. computerbasierte Alkoholintervention für Krankenhauspatienten: Studiendesign
Begegnungen über das Netz: Das 15. Wissenschaftliche Gespräch der Deutschen Gesellschaft für Suchtforschung und Suchttherapie (DG Sucht) in Hamburg
In-person and computer-based alcohol interventions at general hospitals: reach and retention.
Efficacy of the Community Reinforcement and Family Training for concerned significant others of treatment-refusing individuals with alcohol dependence: A randomized controlled trial.
Reach of Individuals at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease by Proactive Recruitment Strategies in General Practices, Job Centers, and Health Insurance.
Who benefits from computer-based brief alcohol intervention? Day-to-day drinking patterns as a moderator of intervention efficacy.
Does impaired mental health interfere with the outcome of brief alcohol intervention at general hospitals?
Socioeconomic factors and heavy drinking over the course of the week among job seekers with at-risk alcohol use.
In-Person Alcohol Counseling Versus Computer-Generated Feedback: Results From a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Do brief alcohol interventions among unemployed at-risk drinkers increase re-employment after 15 month?
How alcohol use problem severity affects the outcome of brief intervention delivered in-person versus through computer-generated feedback letters.
Proactive expert system intervention to prevent or quit at-risk alcohol use (PRINT): study protocol of a randomized controlled trial
Can brief alcohol interventions in general hospital inpatients improve mental and general health over 2 years? Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Short-term stability of different drinking patterns over the course of four weeks among adults. A latent transition analysis.
Health Risk Behavior Patterns in a National Adult Population Survey.
Proactive multipurpose health risk screening in health care settings: Methods, design, and reach.
Feasibility and acceptability of an intervention providing computer-generated tailored feedback to target alcohol consumption and depressive symptoms in proactively recruited health care patients and reactively recruited media volunteers: results of a pilot study
Does prior recall of past week alcohol use affect screening results for at-risk drinking? Findings from a randomized study.
Measurement invariance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test: establishing its factor structure in different settings and across gender
Behavioral health risk factor profiles in general hospital patients: identifying the need for screening and brief intervention
Stability of at-risk alcohol use screening in a general population sample.
Copattern of depression and alcohol use in medical care patients: cross-sectional study in Germany
Sick days in general hospital patients two years after brief alcohol intervention: Secondary outcomes from a randomized controlled trial
Brief alcohol intervention at a municipal registry office: reach and retention.
Alkoholscreening und Kurzintervention im Krankenhaus (ASKI): Erreichung von Patient*innen und Wirksamkeit.
Latent alcohol use patterns and their link to depressive symptomatology in medical care patients.
Effects of a brief alcohol intervention addressing the full spectrum of drinking in an adult general population sample: a randomized controlled trial.
Social Equity in the Efficacy of Computer-Based and In-Person Brief Alcohol Interventions Among General Hospital Patients With At-Risk Alcohol Use: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Validierung der psychometrischen Eigenschaften einer „Modifizierten Version des Hornheider Screening-Instruments“ (HSI-MV) anhand einer Stichprobe ambulanter und stationärer Hauttumor-Patient*innen
Validierung der psychometrischen Eigenschaften einer „Modifizierten Version des Hornheider Screening-Instruments“ (HSI-MV) anhand einer Stichprobe ambulanter und stationärer Hauttumor-Patient*innen
Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Motivation to Change among Cardiovascular General Hospital Patients Aged 50 to 79 Years
The role of tobacco smoking in the efficacy of brief alcohol intervention: Results from a randomized controlled trial
The Moderating Effect of Educational Background on the Efficacy of a Computer-Based Brief Intervention Addressing the Full Spectrum of Alcohol Use: Randomized Controlled Trial.
The Role of Sex and Age in Moderating the Outcome of In-Person and Computer-Based Brief Alcohol Interventions at General Hospitals: Reanalysis of a Brief Intervention Study
Sensitivity analyses for data missing at random versus missing not at random using latent growth modelling: a practical guide for randomised controlled trials
Investigating the Association Between the Co-Occurrence of Behavioral Health Risk Factors and Sick Days in General Hospital Patients
Proactive Automatized Lifestyle intervention (PAL) in general hospital patients: Study protocol of a single-group trial
Three-year trajectories of alcohol use among at-risk and among low-risk drinkers in a general population sample of adults: A latent class growth analysis of a brief intervention trial
Insufficient physical activity and multimorbidity was associated with low physical functional performance in older adults: a cross-sectional study
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
Progression of Alcohol Consumption among People with low-risk Consumption versus high-risk Consumption: 3-year Results from the randomized-controlled Trial PRINT
The Influence of Education on the Effectiveness of a computer-based brief Alcohol Intervention: Results of the randomized-controlled PRINT Study
Validation of the psychometric properties of a "Modified Version of the Hornheider Screening Instrument" (HSI-MV) using a sample of outpatient and inpatient skin tumor patients.
Health behaviors of general hospital patients with at-risk alcohol use: Change over two years after discharge