Schoon, Janosch	98659
Systemic Effects of Metals Released from Arthroplasty Implants - a Brief Summary.
Preclinical In Vitro Assessment of Submicron-Scale Laser Surface Texturing on Ti6Al4V.
The contribution of the histopathological examination to the diagnosis of adverse local tissue reactions in arthroplasty.
Arthroprosthetic titanium and vanadium exposure - confounder or cause of multiorgan morbidity.
Defining the Gothic Arch Angle (GAA) as a radiographic diagnostic tool for instability in hip dysplasia.
Biocompatible Gas Plasma Treatment Affects Secretion Profiles but Not Osteogenic Differentiation in Patient-Derived Mesenchymal Stromal Cells.
The Applications of Microphysiological Systems in Biomedicine: Impact on Urologic and Orthopaedic Research
Environmental considerations and current status of grouping and regulation of engineered nanomaterials
[Postoperative outcomes and survival rates after aseptic revision total hip arthroplasty : What can patients expect from revision surgery?]
Analytical and toxicological aspects of nanomaterials in different product groups: Challenges and opportunities.
Effects of HSD11B1 knockout and overexpression on local cortisol production and differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells
Effects of  knockout and overexpression on local cortisol production and differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Scaffold Guided Bone Regeneration for the Treatment of Large Segmental Defects in Long Bones.
Noninfectious tissue interactions at periprosthetic interfaces.
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Orthopaedic applications of cold physical plasma.
Orthopaedic applications of cold physical plasma.