Kr?ger, William	987
Treatment of High-Risk T-NHL with Stem Cell Transplantation: A Single Center Experience.
Allogeneic stem cell transplantation in patients above 55: suggestion for a further stratification of the HCT-CI
Allogeneic stem cell transplantation for mantle cell lymphoma-final report from prospective trials of the East German Study Group Haematology/Oncology (OSHO)
Prognostic impact of progression to induction chemotherapy and prior paclitaxel therapy in patients with germ cell tumors receiving salvage high-dose chemotherapy in the last 10 years: a study of the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation Solid Tumors Working Party.
Reduced platelet transfusions and earlier platelet engraftment using alemtuzumab-based conditioning regimen in allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Urological Complications and BK Virus-Associated Diseases Under Allogenic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Treatment of invasive fungal infections in cancer patients-updated recommendations of the Infectious Diseases Working Party (AGIHO) of the German Society of Hematology and Oncology (DGHO)
Optimization of health-care organization and perceived improvement of patient comfort by switching from intra-venous BU four-times-daily infusions to a once-daily administration scheme in adult hematopoietic stem cell recipients.
Infectious diseases in allogeneic haematopoietic stem cell transplantation: prevention and prophylaxis strategy guidelines 2016.
Are the Polyomaviruses BK and JC Associated with Opportunistic Infections, Graft-versus-Host Disease, or Worse Outcomes in Adult Patients Receiving Their First Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation with Low-Dose Alemtuzumab?
Urological complications associated with adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Nationwide survey of BK polyomavirus associated hemorrhagic cystitis in adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation among haematologists and urologists.
No indication of increased infection rates using low-dose alemtuzumab instead of anti-thymocyte globulin as graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis before allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Recovery from hypogonadism and male health in adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Comparison of intravenous or intravesical cidofovir in the treatment of BK polyomavirus-associated hemorrhagic cystitis following adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation-A systematic review.
Modulation of B Cells and Homing Marker on NK Cells Through Extracorporeal Photopheresis in Patients With Steroid-Refractory/Resistant Graft-Vs.-Host Disease Without Hampering Anti-viral/Anti-leukemic Effects.
Does rehabilitation pose a risk to patients suffering from haemato-oncological diseases? Results of a monocentric, retrospective analysis in Germany.
Ibrutinib as a salvage therapy after allogeneic HCT for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Targeting IL-11 in the treatment of BK virus-associated haemorrhagic cystitis-A promising new approach.
Haematopoietic stem cell transplantation in adult soft-tissue sarcoma: an analysis from the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation.
Implementation of Palliative Care in Clinical Practice in German Units for Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation: A Nationwide Survey.
Allogeneic stem cell transplantation for mantle cell lymphoma-update of the prospective trials of the East German Study Group Hematology/Oncology (OSHO#60 and #74).
Significance of BK Polyomavirus in Long-Term Survivors after Adult Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation in older myelofibrosis patients: A study of the chronic malignancies working party of EBMT and the Spanish Myelofibrosis Registry.
Real-world experience of CPX-351 as first-line treatment for patients with acute myeloid leukemia.
Response to extracorporeal photopheresis therapy of patients with steroid-refractory/-resistant GvHD is associated with up-regulation of Th22 cells and Tfh cells.
Comparison of inpatient and outpatient palliative sedation practice - A prospective observational study.
Rhabdomyolysis induced by nelarabine.
Significance of men's health in long-term survivors of allogeneic stem cell transplantation.