Lange J	996
Clinical validity of the nerve root sedimentation sign in patients with suspected lumbar spinal stenosis.
Mason's lacing cord : Potential danger of severe open ocular injuries. Maurerschnüre. Potenzielle Gefahr für schwere offenen Augenverletzungen
Inzidenz und Therapiedauer pathologischer Hüftbefunde im Rahmen der U2- und U3-Untersuchung (SNiP Studie)
Significance and prevention of post-operative wound complications
L-Arginine Enriched Diet Protects BB/OK Rats from Developing Type 1 Diabetes
Cytokine Profile of Diabetes-Prone BB/OK Rats and Their Congenic Derivatives without Diabetes or with Reduced Diabetes Frequency
Re: Surgical subinternships: bridging the chiasm between medical school and residency.
Abhängigkeiten der Kraftparameter des Kniegelenkes von der Transplantatwahl bei vorderer Kreuzbandersatzplastik
Aktueller Stand der Behandlung offener Frakturen der unteren Extremität in Deutschland – Ergebnisse einer Online-Umfrage
Die Rolle postantiseptischer Flora in der Genese tiefer postoperativer Wundinfektionen
Needle decompression of tension pneumothorax: Population-based epidemiologic approach to adequate needle length in healthy volunteers in Northeast Germany.
Der Einsatz von kaltem physikalischen Plasma (Cold atmospheric Plasma) bei chirurgischen Operationen
Postantiseptische Flora im OP-Feld
Current management of open fractures: results from an online survey.
Remote Effects of Electromagnetic Millimeter Waves on Experimentally Induced Cold Pain—A Double-Blinded Crossover Investigation in Healthy Volunteers.
Population-based study of the incidence of congenital hip dysplasia in preterm infants from the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Management nach Komplikationen bei proximalen Osteotomien Management of complications in opening base wedge osteotomies
What Are the Reference Values and Associated Factors for Center-edge Angle and Alpha Angle? A Population-based Study.
Prevalence of benign osseous lesions of the spine and association with spinal pain in the general population in whole body MRI.
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
Cold atmospheric plasma inhibits the growth of osteosarcoma cells by inducing apoptosis, independent of the device used
Posterolateral plate fixation with Pantalarlock® is more stable than nail fixation in tibiotalocalcaneal arthrodesis in a biomechanical cadaver study.
Os acromiale: prevalence and associated patient-related factors-a population-based study of three thousand and fifty participants.
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.