Calvisi, Diego Francesco	FIS_1820
EEF1A2 inactivates p53 via PI3K/AKT/mTOR-dependent stabilization of MDM4 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Moleculary targeted therapies for human hepatocellular carcinoma: should we start from ?-catenin inhibition?
New advances in precision medicine for hepatocellular carcinoma recurrence prediction and treatment.
Liver proliferation: the GUCD1/NEDD4-1 connection.
Overexpression of far upstream element (FUSE) binding protein (FBP)-interacting repressor (FIR) supports growth of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Hydrodynamic transfection for generation of novel mouse models for liver cancer research.
4EBP1/eIF4E and p70S6K/RPS6 axes play critical and distinct roles in hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT and N-Ras proto-oncogenes in mice.
Activation of ?-catenin and Yap1 in human hepatoblastoma and induction of hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
p53-dependent Nestin regulation links tumor suppression to cellular plasticity in liver cancer.
SKP2 cooperates with N-Ras or AKT to induce liver tumor development in mice.
[(11)C]acetate PET Imaging is not Always Associated with Increased Lipogenesis in Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Mice.
Lessons from rare tumors: hepatic lymphoepithelioma-like carcinomas.
NORE1A is a Ras senescence effector that controls the apoptotic/senescent balance of p53 via HIPK2.
Distinct anti-oncogenic effect of various microRNAs in different mouse models of liver cancer.
When good transforming growth factor-? turns bad in hepatocellular carcinoma: Axl takes the stage.
Inactivation of fatty acid synthase impairs hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT in mice and humans.
Hepatic expression of Sonic Hedgehog induces liver fibrosis and promotes hepatocarcinogenesis in a transgenic mouse model.
PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway plays a major pathogenetic role in glycogen accumulation and tumor development in renal distal tubules of rats and men.
Co-activation of PIK3CA and Yap promotes development of hepatocellular and cholangiocellular tumors in mouse and human liver.
Transgenic mouse model expressing P53(R172H), luciferase, EGFP, and KRAS(G12D) in a single open reading frame for live imaging of tumor.
Activated mutant forms of PIK3CA cooperate with RasV12 or c-Met to induce liver tumor formation in mice via AKT2/mTORC1 cascade.
An infernal cross-talk between oncogenic ?-catenin and c-Met in hepatocellular carcinoma: Evidence from mouse modeling.
Programmed death ligand 1 expression in hepatocellular carcinoma: A prognostic marker and therapeutic target for liver cancer?
The dark side of the moon: AKT as a tumor suppressor in the liver?
CD147/Basigin: a Warburg oncogene in hepatocellular carcinoma?
Post-translational deregulation of YAP1 is genetically controlled in rat liver cancer and determines the fate and stem-like behavior of the human disease.
p53-Dependent Nestin Regulation Links Tumor Suppression to Cellular Plasticity in Liver Cancer.
Expert consensus document: Cholangiocarcinoma: current knowledge and future perspectives consensus statement from the European Network for the Study of Cholangiocarcinoma (ENS-CCA).
NORE1A Regulates MDM2 Via ?-TrCP.
PI3K/AKT/mTOR-dependent stabilization of oncogenic far-upstream element binding proteins in hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Accomplices in crime: The diabolical liaison between protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B and ras in hepatocellular carcinoma.
The Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Inhibitor Gefitinib Reduces but Does Not Prevent Tumorigenesis in Chemical and Hormonal Induced Hepatocarcinogenesis Rat Models.
Both de novo synthetized and exogenous fatty acids support the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Administration of Gemcitabine After Pancreatic Tumor Resection in Mice Induces an Antitumor Immune Response Mediated by Natural Killer Cells.
Differential requirement for de novo lipogenesis in cholangiocarcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma of mice and humans.
Co-activation of AKT and c-Met triggers rapid hepatocellular carcinoma development via the mTORC1/FASN pathway in mice.
Comparison of liver oncogenic potential among human RAS isoforms.
DNA-PKcs: A promising therapeutic target in human hepatocellular carcinoma?
Non-functioning gastroenteropancreatic (GEP) tumors: a (111)In-Pentetreotide SPECT/CT diagnostic study.
Tankyrase inhibitors suppress hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth via modulating the Hippo cascade.
Transforming Growth Factor-? Promotes Liver Tumorigenesis in Mice via Up-regulation of Snail.
Animal models of biliary injury and altered bile acid metabolism.
Glucose Catabolism in Liver Tumors Induced by c-MYC Can Be Sustained by Various PKM1/PKM2 Ratios and Pyruvate Kinase Activities.
The burden of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder (HAND) in post-HAART era: a multidisciplinary review of the literature.
Role of the Notch signaling in cholangiocarcinoma.
Molecular profiling of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma: the search for new therapeutic targets.
Nonstructural protein 5B promotes degradation of the NORE1A tumor suppressor to facilitate hepatitis C virus replication.
Inhibition of HSF1 suppresses the growth of hepatocarcinoma cell lines in vitro and AKT-driven hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
A functional mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 signaling is indispensable for c-Myc-driven hepatocarcinogenesis.
Oncogene dependent requirement of fatty acid synthase in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Perioperative, spatiotemporally coordinated activation of T and NK cells prevents recurrence of pancreatic cancer.
Deregulated c-Myc requires a functional HSF1 for experimental and human hepatocarcinogenesis.
Central role of mTORC1 downstream of YAP/TAZ in hepatoblastoma development.
Oncogenic potential of N-terminal deletion and S45Y mutant ?-catenin in promoting hepatocellular carcinoma development in mice.
SNAI1 Promotes the Cholangiocellular Phenotype, but not Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition, in a Murine Hepatocellular Carcinoma Model.
Aberrant fucosylation sustains the NOTCH and EGFR/NF-?B pathways and has a prognostic value in human intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.