Obst, Anne	FIS_1246
Physical Performance of Older Patients Training Regularly: Comparison with a Normal Population
Agreement of different methods for assessing sleep characteristics: a comparison of two actigraphs, wrist and hip placement, and self-report with polysomnography.
[Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) - Breath-functional Characterization and Disease Severity Assessment].
Physiology of oxygen uptake kinetics: Insights from incremental cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Oxygen Uptake Efficiency Slope and Breathing Reserve, Not Anaerobic Threshold, Discriminate Between Patients With Cardiovascular Disease Over Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
Peripheral Artery Disease and its Clinical Relevance in Patients with COPD in the COSYCONET Study.
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
[Weaning Unit of the University Medicine Greifswald - Institutional Structure and Weaning Results from Prolonged Ventilation over 10 Years].
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
Interobserver variability of ventilatory anaerobic threshold in asymptomatic volunteers.
Prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation: How much are the predictors subject to weaning protocols?
Exercise and fluid challenge during right heart catheterisation for evaluation of dyspnoea.
Predictors of survival after prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation.
Associations between Sleep Apnoea and Advanced Brain Ageing in a Large-Scale Population Study.
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Monotherapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension at four German PH centres.
[Evaluation of Weaning Success in Long-Term Invasively Ventilated Patients at a Weaning Center].
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in the Prognosis Assessment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients: A Retrospective, Multicentre Cohort Study.
Associations of objective and subjective sleep quality with MRI markers of brain ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
Socioeconomic factors do not predict sleep apnea in a population sample from Mecklenburg?Western Pomerania, Germany
Correlation of Hemodynamic and Respiratory Parameters in Invasive Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing (iCPET).
Comparison between thermodilution and Fick methods for resting and exercise-induced cardiac output measurement in patients with chronic dyspnea.
Do brachycephaly and nose size predict the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)? A sample-based geometric morphometric analysis of craniofacial variation in relation to OSA syndrome and the role of confounding factors.
[Risk Stratification in Patients with Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension under Treatment - Results of Four German Centers].
Menopause is associated with obstructive sleep apnea in a population-based sample from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany
Acute COPD exacerbation treatment with noninvasive ventilation.