Dombrowski F	FIS_80376
Loss of Pten synergizes with c-Met to promote hepatocellular carcinoma development via mTORC2 pathway.
Combined CDK4/6 and pan-mTOR inhibition is synergistic against intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
Oncogene-dependent addiction to carbohydrate-responsive element binding protein in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors: Clinical Symptoms, Location, Metastasis Formation, and Associated Malignancies in a Single Center Retrospective Study.
Hippo Cascade Controls Lineage Commitment of Liver Tumors in Mice and Humans.
Efficacy of MEK inhibition in a K-Ras-driven cholangiocarcinoma preclinical model.
Evaluation of the prognostic role of co-morbidities on disease outcome in renal cell carcinoma patients.
Loss of Fbxw7 synergizes with activated Akt signaling to promote c-Myc dependent cholangiocarcinogenesis.
Nucleoporin Nup155 is part of the p53 network in liver cancer.
The mTORC2-Akt1 Cascade Is Crucial for c-Myc to Promote Hepatocarcinogenesis in Mice and Humans.
Cholesterol biosynthesis supports the growth of hepatocarcinoma lesions depleted of fatty acid synthase in mice and humans.
TEA Domain Transcription Factor 4 Is the Major Mediator of Yes-Associated Protein Oncogenic Activity in Mouse and Human Hepatoblastoma.
Inhibition of MELK Protooncogene as an Innovative Treatment for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma.
Nuclear ErbB2 expression in hepatocytes in liver disease.
Transcriptomic and Proteomic Analysis of Clear Cell Foci (CCF) in the Human Non-Cirrhotic Liver Identifies Several Differentially Expressed Genes and Proteins with Functions in Cancer Cell Biology and Glycogen Metabolism.
RASSF1A independence and early galectin-1 upregulation in PIK3CA-induced hepatocarcinogenesis: new therapeutic venues.
Hormonally Induced Hepatocellular Carcinoma in Diabetic Wild Type and Carbohydrate Responsive Element Binding Protein Knockout Mice.
HELLS Is Negatively Regulated by Wild-Type P53 in Liver Cancer by a Mechanism Involving P21 and FOXM1.
First-line Anti-GD2 Therapy Combined With Consolidation Chemotherapy in 3 Patients With Newly Diagnosed Metastatic Ewing Sarcoma or Ewing-like Sarcoma.
The Hippo pathway effector TAZ induces intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma in mice and is ubiquitously activated in the human disease.
First in human PET/MRI imaging of in vivo GD2 expression in osteosarcoma.