Golchert J	FIS_57604
Analysis of human TAAR8 and murine Taar8b mediated signaling pathways and expression profile.
3,5-T2 alters murine genes relevant for xenobiotic, steroid, and thyroid hormone metabolism.
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Cathepsin B-mediated Activation of Trypsinogen in Endocytosing Macrophages Increases Severity of Pancreatitis in Mice.
NLRP3 Inflammasome activation in macrophages regulates systemic Inflammation and severity during acute pancreatitis
Adaptive immune Response during acute pancreatitis is regulated by NLRP3 inflammasome activation via Interleukin 18
Non classical macrophage polarization regulates the immune response during acute pancreatitis
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
Macrophage-derived cytokines of the IL1 Family simultaneously regulate pro-and anti-Inflammation during severe acute pancreatitis
Interleukin 33 regulates Th2 T-cell Differentiation and macrophage polarization during acute pancreatitis
Angiotensin dependent and angiotensin independent protective effects of renin-b in H9c2 cells after anoxia.
The Thyroid Hormone Transporter Mct8 Restricts Cathepsin-Mediated Thyroglobulin Processing in Male Mice through Thyroid Auto-Regulatory Mechanisms That Encompass Autophagy.
Comparative analysis of the effects of long term 3,5-T2 treatment on the murine hepatic proteome and transcriptome under conditions of normal diet and high fat diet.
B cells acquire a unique and differential transcriptomic profile during pregnancy.
Overexpression of Transcripts Coding for Renin-b but Not for Renin-a Reduce Oxidative Stress and Increase Cardiomyoblast Survival under Starvation Conditions.
Overexpression of Renin-B Induces Warburg-like Effects That Are Associated with Increased AKT/mTOR Signaling.
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
Lack of L-type amino acid transporter 2 in murine thyroid tissue induces autophagy.
DNA Polymerase Theta Plays a Critical Role in Pancreatic Cancer Development and Metastasis