Baumeister, Sebastian Edgar	FIS_1063
High social support buffers the effects of 5-HTTLPR genotypes within social anxiety disorder
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
A Telephone- and Text Message-Based Telemedicine Concept for Patients with Mental Health Disorders: Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Development, external validation, and comparative assessment of a new diagnostic score for hepatic steatosis.
Function-impairing polymorphisms of the hepatic uptake transporter SLCO1B1 modify the therapeutic efficacy of statins in a population-based cohort.
Change in depressive symptoms and mental health-related quality of life in northeast Germany between 1997-2001 and 2008-2012
Public attitudes towards psychiatric medication: a comparison between United States and Germany
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies six novel loci associated with habitual coffee consumption.
Effect of a primary care based brief intervention trial among risky drug users on health-related quality of life.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
Integration of Primary and Secondary Data in the Study of Health in Pomerania and Description of Clinical Outcomes using Stroke as an Example
Light to Moderate Alcohol Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Aortic Valve Sclerosis: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Regional Variation of Chronic Kidney Disease in Germany: Results From Two Population-Based Surveys.
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
The combined effects of alcohol consumption and body mass index on hepatic steatosis in a general population sample of European men and women.
Diagnosed thyroid disorders are associated with depression and anxiety.
Impact of whole-body MRI in a general population study.
The public debate on psychotropic medication and changes in attitudes 1990–2011
Do attitudes towards persons with mental illness worsen during the course of life? An age-period-cohort analysis
Directional dominance on stature and cognition in diverse human populations.
Association between hepatic steatosis and serum liver enzyme levels with atrial fibrillation in the general population: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Project QUIT (Quit Using Drugs Intervention Trial): a randomized controlled trial of a primary care-based multi-component brief intervention to reduce risky drug use.
Health Care Access Among Asian American Subgroups: The Role of Residential Segregation.
Approval of psychotherapy and medication for the treatment of mental disorders over the lifespan. An age period cohort analysis.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with a distinct fecal microbiome signature - a case control study
Relative impact of COPD and comorbidities on generic health-related quality of life: a pooled analysis of the COSYCONET patient cohort and control subjects from the KORA and SHIP studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
Associations of androgens with health care utilization and costs in women - Perspectives of a population-based cohort study.
PCSK9 genetic variants and risk of type 2 diabetes: a mendelian randomisation study.
Geriatric nutritional risk index correlates with length of hospital stay and inflammatory markers in older inpatients.
Cystatin C and Cardiovascular Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
KLB is associated with alcohol drinking, and its gene product ?-Klotho is necessary for FGF21 regulation of alcohol preference.
Replacing Sedentary Time with Physical Activity in Relation to Mortality.
Physical activity surveillance in the European Union: reliability and validity of the European Health Interview Survey-Physical Activity Questionnaire (EHIS-PAQ).
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
Causal relationship between obesity and serum testosterone status in men: A bi-directional mendelian randomization analysis.
Improved risk stratification in prevention by use of a panel of selected circulating microRNAs
Efficacy of AMC/DCBA lozenges for sore throat: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Trends in non-help-seeking for mental disorders in Germany between 1997-1999 and 2009-2012: a repeated cross-sectional study
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
A pilot replication of QUIT, a randomized controlled trial of a brief intervention for reducing risky drug use, among Latino primary care patients.
Design and Evaluation of a Computer-Based 24-Hour Physical Activity Recall (cpar24) Instrument.
Visceral adipose tissue but not subcutaneous adipose tissue is associated with urine and serum metabolites.
Prediabetes is associated with microalbuminuria, reduced kidney function and chronic kidney disease in the general population: The KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) F4-Study.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.