Rettig R	FIS_2201
Aldosterone and glomerular filtration - observations in the general population.
Association of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Gene-age interactions in blood pressure regulation: a large-scale investigation with the CHARGE, Global BPgen, and ICBP Consortia.
Rho kinase inhibition mitigates sunitinib-induced rise in arterial pressure and renal vascular resistance but not increased renal sodium reabsorption.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Genome-wide association study of kidney function decline in individuals of European descent.
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
A high aldosterone to renin ratio is associated with high serum parathyroid hormone concentrations in the general population
Regional Variation of Chronic Kidney Disease in Germany: Results From Two Population-Based Surveys.
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Thyrotropin serum levels are differentially associated with biochemical markers of bone turnover and stiffness in women and men: results from the SHIP cohorts.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Role of endothelin-1 for the regulation of renal pelvic function.
Sympathetic denervation facilitates L-type Ca2+ channel activation in renal but not in mesenteric resistance arteries.
The genetics of blood pressure regulation and its target organs from association studies in 342,415 individuals.
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
Urinary Angiotensinogen and Renin Excretion are Associated with Chronic Kidney Disease.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Associations of aldosterone and renin concentrations with inflammation-the Study of Health in Pomerania and the German Conn's Registry.
Serum chemerin levels are inversely associated with renal function in a general population.
Novel Blood Pressure Locus and Gene Discovery Using Genome-Wide Association Study and Expression Data Sets From Blood and the Kidney.
Identification of miR-16 as an endogenous reference gene for the normalization of urinary exosomal miRNA expression data from CKD patients
The role of distal tubule and collecting duct sodium reabsorption in sunitinib-induced hypertension.
Physiological Aldosterone Concentrations Are Associated with Alterations of Lipid Metabolism: Observations from the General Population
A Large-Scale Multi-ancestry Genome-wide Study Accounting for Smoking Behavior Identifies Multiple Significant Loci for Blood Pressure.
BDNF: mRNA Expression in urine cells of patients with chronic kidney disease and its role in kidney function
Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Renal Soluble Guanylate Cyclase Is Downregulated in Sunitinib-Induced Hypertension.
Publisher Correction: Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
A catalog of genetic loci associated with kidney function from analyses of a million individuals.
A multi-ancestry genome-wide study incorporating gene-smoking interactions identifies multiple new loci for pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
MiR-21 is up-regulated in urinary exosomes of chronic kidney disease patients and after glomerular injury.
Meta-analysis uncovers genome-wide significant variants for rapid kidney function decline.
Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals.
Potentially inappropriate medication in patients with chronic kidney disease and elderly patients.
Comorbid Depression and Diabetes Are Associated with Impaired Health-Related Quality of Life in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients.
Renal angiotensin I-converting enzyme-deficient mice are protected against aristolochic acid nephropathy.