Steil, Leif	FIS_1103
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
Adaptation of Bacillus subtilis carbon core metabolism to simultaneous nutrient limitation and osmotic challenge: a multi-omics perspective.
Proteome Changes in Platelets After Pathogen Inactivation-An Interlaboratory Consensus.
Altered immune proteome of Staphylococcus aureus under iron-restricted growth conditions.
Diaphragm muscle weakness in mice is early-onset post-myocardial infarction and associated with elevated protein oxidation.
The Fall of a Dogma? Unexpected High T-Cell Memory Response to Staphylococcus aureus in Humans.
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Specific serum IgG at diagnosis of Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream invasion is correlated with disease progression.
Proteomic profile of platelets during reconstitution of platelet counts after apheresis.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
Large-scale reduction of the Bacillus subtilis genome: Consequences for the transcriptional network, resource allocation, and metabolism.
Exercise Training Prevents Diaphragm Contractile Dysfunction in Heart Failure.
Adaptive immune response to lipoproteins of Staphylococcus aureus in healthy subjects.
Synthesis of the compatible solute proline by Bacillus subtilis: point mutations rendering the osmotically controlled proHJ promoter hyperactive.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Toward the Relevance of Platelet Subpopulations for Transfusion Medicine.
Regulation of biofilm aging and dispersal in  by the alternative sigma factor SigB.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
Proteomic and Transcriptomic Changes in Hibernating Grizzly Bears Reveal Metabolic and Signaling Pathways that Protect against Muscle Atrophy.
Improved Wound Healing of Airway Epithelial Cells Is Mediated by Cold Atmospheric Plasma: A Time Course-Related Proteome Analysis.
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Impact of high salinity and the compatible solute glycine betaine on gene expression of Bacillus subtilis.
Double trouble: Bacillus depends on a functional Tat machinery to avoid severe oxidative stress and starvation upon entry into a NaCl-depleted environment.
The protease SplB of Staphylococcus aureus targets host complement components and inhibits complement-mediated bacterial opsonophagocytosis.
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Profiling microalgal protein extraction by microwave burst heating in comparison to spark plasma exposures
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).