Fuchs, Christian	FIS_2047
Fulminante Pneumokokkensepsis nach Splenektomie
Biomarkers in severe sepsis and septic shock: Just listen to the heart?
Incidence of pathogen detection in blood cultures of severe sepsis and septic shock patients is higher, if blood cultures were drawn before anti-infective therapy
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of intensive care - and hospital length of stay for severe sepsis and septic shock patients by a continuois quality improvement program over 7.5 years
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Patient-side automated blood culture incubation shortens the time to positivity significantly
Reduction of 90-day mortality in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock by initiation of oral beta-blocker treatment and continuation of a previous beta-blocker therapy
Transfusion practice in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock was not affected by cardiac comorbidities: a retrospective study
Mortality of Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock in Mecklenburg- Western Pomerania: The INSEP-Study
Mortality of blood-culture-positive vs. blood-culture-negative patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Anhaltende Reduktion der Intensiv- und Krankenhausliegedauer bei schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock durch ein kontinuierliches Qualitätsmanagementprojekt über 7,5 Jahre
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
Effects of vasodilators on haemodynamic coherence
How Sepsis-3 changes previous severe sepsis and septic shock cohorts in respect to mortality and length of stay
Procalcitonin  levels to predict blood culture results in patients with suspected infections
The role of enterococci in the treatment of patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Impact of antibiotic administration on blood culture positivity at the beginning of sepsis: a prospective clinical cohort study.
Do Sepsis-3 criteria facilitate earlier recognition of sepsis and septic shock? A retrospective cohort study.
Sepsis ist ein Notfall – was müssen wir beachten?
On-site blood culture incubation shortens the time to knowledge of positivity and microbiological results in septic patients.
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Intraabdominelle Druckmessung - Schritt für Schritt