Völzke, Henry	FIS_2321
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality
Multimorbidity and the risk of restless legs syndrome in two prospective cohort studies
Relation of insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF binding protein 3 with markers of inflammation: results of a population-based study.
Secretin-Stimulated MRCP in Volunteers: Assessment of Safety, Duct Visualization, and Pancreatic Exocrine Function.
Sex-Specific Associations Between Thyrotropin and Serum Lipid Profiles.
[TSH-reference range of adults: results from the population-based study KORA F4].
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Aldosterone and glomerular filtration - observations in the general population.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Sex Differences of Tooth Loss and Obesity on Systemic Markers of Inflammation
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Mitochondrial DNA variants in obesity.
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-Trend)
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
MRI-based Determination of Reference Values of Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relation of IGF1 and IGF-binding protein 3 with lipid metabolism.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Associations between thyroid hormones and serum metabolite profiles in an euthyroid population.
Association between serum vitamin D concentrations and inflammatory markers in the general adult population.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Comparison of Two Non-mydriatic Fundus Cameras to Obtain Retinal Arterio-venous Ratio
Testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin and the metabolic syndrome in men: an individual participant data meta-analysis of observational studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with autoimmune hepatitis type 1.
Association of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Blood cis-eQTL analysis fails to identify novel association signals among sub-threshold candidates from genome-wide association studies in restless legs syndrome.
High Serum TSH Levels are Associated with Retinal Arteriolar Narrowing in the General Population.
Restless legs syndrome and cancer: an analysis in three independent studies
Whole-body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the German National Cohort: Rationale, Design and Technical Background
Glycated hemoglobin as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac remodeling among non-diabetic adults from the general population.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Fully Automated Glottis Segmentation in Endoscopic Videos Using Local Color and Shape Features of Glottal Regions
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Genetic, psychosocial and clinical factors associated with hippocampal volume in the general population.
Incidence of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality predicted by symmetric dimethylarginine in the population-based study of health in pomerania
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Educational level, prevalence of hysterectomy, and age at amenorrhoea: a cross-sectional analysis of 9536 women from six population-based cohort studies in Germany.
Novel genetic markers associate with atrial fibrillation risk in Europeans and Japanese.
Evaluation of genome-wide loci of iron metabolism in hereditary hemochromatosis identifies PCSK7 as a host risk factor of liver cirrhosis.
Metabolic syndrome across Europe: different clusters of risk factors.
Interrelations between thyrotropin levels and iodine status in thyroid-healthy children.
Research: increasing value, reducing waste.
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Measurement and genetics of human subcortical and hippocampal asymmetries in large datasets.
Multimodal imaging of a tescalcin (TESC)-regulating polymorphism (rs7294919)-specific effects on hippocampal gray matter structure.
Thyroid antibody status, subclinical hypothyroidism, and the risk of coronary heart disease: an individual participant data analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies six new loci associated with forced vital capacity.
Gene-age interactions in blood pressure regulation: a large-scale investigation with the CHARGE, Global BPgen, and ICBP Consortia.
Development, external validation, and comparative assessment of a new diagnostic score for hepatic steatosis.
Large-scale genome-wide association studies and meta-analyses of longitudinal change in adult lung function.
Psychometric functioning, socio-demographic variability of childhood maltreatment in the general population and its effects of depression.GANI_MED
Regional differences in the incidence of self-reported type 2 diabetes in Germany: results from five population-based studies in Germany (DIAB-CORE Consortium).
Novel approach identifies SNPs in SLC2A10 and KCNK9 with evidence for parent-of-origin effect on body mass index.
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are not associated with exercise capacity and lung function parameters in two population-based studies.
Interaction among childhood trauma and functional polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway moderate the risk of depressive disorders.
Asymmetry within and around the human planum temporale is sexually dimorphic and influenced by genes involved in steroid hormone receptor activity.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Function-impairing polymorphisms of the hepatic uptake transporter SLCO1B1 modify the therapeutic efficacy of statins in a population-based cohort.
Regional differences of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and prediabetes prevalence are not explained by known risk factors.
Inflammatory markers and extent and progression of early atherosclerosis: Meta-analysis of individual-participant-data from 20 prospective studies of the PROG-IMT collaboration.
A level set based framework for quantitative evaluation of breast tissue density from MRI data.
Shift of the Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Reference Range with Improved Iodine Supply in Northeast Germany.
Change in depressive symptoms and mental health-related quality of life in northeast Germany between 1997-2001 and 2008-2012
Learning and inspecting classification rules from longitudinal epidemiological data to identify predictive features on hepatic steatosis.
Subpopulation Discovery in Epidemiological Data with Subspace Clustering
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Endothelial Growth Factors.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
Association of neighbourhood unemployment rate with incident Type 2 diabetes mellitus in five German regions.
Health-related quality of life in women and men with type 2 diabetes: a comparison across treatment groups.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Lack of association between genetic risk loci for restless legs syndrome and multimorbidity
Integration of Primary and Secondary Data in the Study of Health in Pomerania and Description of Clinical Outcomes using Stroke as an Example
A Genetic Risk Score for Thyroid Peroxidase Antibodies Associates with Clinical Thyroid Disease in Community-Based Populations.
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
Assessing cutoff values for increased exercise blood pressure to predict incident hypertension in a general population.
Light to Moderate Alcohol Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Aortic Valve Sclerosis: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Lower bone turnover markers in metabolic syndrome and diabetes: The population-based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Prediabetes and well controlled diabetes are not associated with periodontal disease: the SHIP Trend Study
Pancreatic Steatosis Demonstrated at MR Imaging in the General Population: Clinical Relevance.
Fracture risk and risk factors for osteoporosis - results from two representative population-based studies in North East Germany (Study of Health in Pomerania: SHIP-2 und SHIP-Trend)
Associations between Serum Sex Hormone Concentrations and Whole Blood Gene Expression Profiles in the General Population.
Regional Variation of Chronic Kidney Disease in Germany: Results From Two Population-Based Surveys.
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
L-Arginine and SDMA Serum Concentrations Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Subcortical brain alterations in major depressive disorder: findings from the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder working group.
Association of a neurokinin 3 receptor polymorphism with the anterior basal forebrain.
Thoracic and abdominal aortic diameters in a general population: MRI-based reference values and association with age and cardiovascular risk factors.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Carotid Intima Media Thickness Progression and Risk of Vascular Events in People With Diabetes: Results From the PROG-IMT Collaboration.
Image analysis in epidemiological applications
Fully Automated Renal Tissue Volumetry in MR Volume Data Using Prior-Shape-Based Segmentation in Subject-Specific Probability Maps
Endogenous androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin in women and risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes.
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Association of sex hormones with incident 10-year cardiovascular disease and mortality in women.
Physiology of oxygen uptake kinetics: Insights from incremental cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
The combined effects of alcohol consumption and body mass index on hepatic steatosis in a general population sample of European men and women.
3D Regression Heat Map Analysis of Population Study Data.
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
Diagnosed thyroid disorders are associated with depression and anxiety.
Association between serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels and serum lipids in children and adolescents: a population-based study of german youth.
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
Blood Pressure Control Has Improved in People with and without Type 2 Diabetes but Remains Suboptimal: A Longitudinal Study Based on the German DIAB-CORE Consortium.
Occupational exposure to asbestos is associated with increased mortality in men recruited for a population-based study in Germany.
Association of Change of Anthropometric Measurements With Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pooled Analysis of the Prospective Population-Based CARLA and SHIP Cohort Studies.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor 8 (MFG-E8) Is a Novel Anti-Inflammatory Factor in Rheumatoid Arthritis in Mice and Humans.
A genome-wide association study confirms PNPLA3 and identifies TM6SF2 and MBOAT7 as risk loci for alcohol-related cirrhosis.
Fully automatized renal parenchyma volumetry using a support vector machine based recognition system for subject-specific probability map generation in native MR volume data
Impact of whole-body MRI in a general population study.
Urine Metabolomics by (1)H-NMR Spectroscopy Indicates Associations between Serum 3,5-T2 Concentrations and Intermediary Metabolism in Euthyroid Humans.
Interactive Visual Analysis of Image-Centric Cohort Study Data.
Distinct urinary metabolic profiles associated with serum TSH and FT4 concentrations
Serum Thyrotropin Concentrations Are Not Associated with the Ankle-Brachial Index: Results from Three Population-Based Studies.
Knochengesundheit in Vorpommern
Subclinical Hypothyroidism and the Risk of Stroke Events and Fatal Stroke: An Individual Participant Data Analysis
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
Quantitative, organ-specific inter- and intra-scanner variability for 3 Tesla whole-body magnetic resonance imaging in a multi-centre, multi vendor study
Measuring Biological Age via Metabonomics – the Metabolic Age-Score
Accumulated common variants in the broader fragile X gene family modulate autistic phenotypes
The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Quantitative, Organ-Specific Interscanner and Intrascanner Variability for 3 T Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Multicenter, Multivendor Study.
Association between hepatic steatosis and serum liver enzyme levels with atrial fibrillation in the general population: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche
L-Arginine Derivatives Are Associated with the Hyperthyroid State in the General Population.
Ensuring effective prevention of iodine-deficiency disorders.
Automatic Pharynx Segmentation from MRI Data for Analysis of Sleep Related Disorders
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Needle decompression of tension pneumothorax: Population-based epidemiologic approach to adequate needle length in healthy volunteers in Northeast Germany.
An efficient level set method for simultaneous intensity inhomogeneity correction and segmentation of MR images.
Sixteen new lung function signals identified through 1000 Genomes Project reference panel imputation.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Serum vitamin B12 is Inversely Associated with Periodontal Progression and Risk of Tooth Loss: A prospective Cohort Study
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with a distinct fecal microbiome signature - a case control study
Does a Pancreatic Duct Aboce 3 mm Warrant Diagnostic Workup? Clues from a Population based cohort
Methodology used in studies reporting chronic kidney disease prevalence: a systematic literature review.
Thyroid function within the normal range and risk of coronary heart disease: an individual participant data analysis of 14 cohorts.
In reply.
Changes of individual perception in psychosocial stressors related to German reunification in 1989/1990 and cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular diseases in a population-based study in East Germany.
CKD Prevalence Varies across the European General Population.
Corrigendum: Rare coding variants and X-linked loci associated with age at menarche.
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
Relationship between APOE genotype and structural MRI measures throughout adulthood in the SHIP population-based cohort
High levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone are associated with aortic wall thickness in the general population.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Incident Myocardial Infarction and Coronary Heart Disease in Prospective Cohort Studies: The CHARGE Consortium.
Serum androgen concentrations and subclinical measures of cardiovascular disease in men and women.
Normative values for carotid intima media thickness and its progression: Are they transferrable outside of their cohort of origin?
Circulating Irisin Concentrations Are Associated with a Favourable Lipid Profile in the General Population
Magnesium/Calcium Ratio in Serum Predicts Periodontitis and Tooth Loss in a Five-Year Follow-up
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals.
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Thyroid Function within the Reference Range and the Risk of Stroke: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2, and metabolic syndrome components in a population-based sample.
Clinical correlates of sex hormones in women: The study of health in Pomerania.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
Association of Serum Thyrotropin with Anthropometric Markers of Obesity in the General Population.
Novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci implicated in epigenetic regulation.
Four Susceptibility Loci for Gallstone Disease Identified in a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Correction: The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
Rauchen und die Folgen auf das Mikrogefäßsystem. Kohortenstudie zur statischen Gefäßanalyse der retinalen Blutgefäße.
Associations of androgens with health care utilization and costs in women - Perspectives of a population-based cohort study.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
Monitoring the prevalence of thyroid disorders in the adult population of Northeast Germany
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Anthropometric markers and their association with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: which marker is best for prediction? Pooled analysis of four German population-based cohort studies and comparison with a nationwide cohort study.
LOng-term follow-up after liVE kidney donation (LOVE) study: a longitudinal comparison study protocol.
Regional Variability of Lifestyle Factors and Hypertension with Prediabetes and Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Population-Based KORA-F4 and SHIP-TREND Studies in Germany.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Changes in Waist Circumference among German Adults over Time - Compiling Results of Seven Prospective Cohort Studies.
Genome-wide association study of caffeine metabolites provides new insights to caffeine metabolism and dietary caffeine-consumption behavior.
Metabolic Fingerprints of Circulating IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 Ratio: A Multifluid Metabolomics Study.
The relationship between the metabolic syndrome and arterial wall thickness: A mosaic still to be interpreted.
Gene-gene Interaction Analyses for Atrial Fibrillation.
Multiethnic Exome-Wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
PCSK9 genetic variants and risk of type 2 diabetes: a mendelian randomisation study.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
Childhood adversity impacts on brain subcortical structures relevant to depression.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Epidemiologic research topics in Germany: a keyword network analysis of 2014 DGEpi conference presentations.
Cortical abnormalities in adults and adolescents with major depression based on brain scans from 20 cohorts worldwide in the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder Working Group.
Geriatric nutritional risk index correlates with length of hospital stay and inflammatory markers in older inpatients.
Population-Based Imaging and Radiomics: Rationale and Perspective of the German National Cohort MRI Study.
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
Genome-wide analysis identifies 12 loci influencing human reproductive behavior.
Association of PNPLA3 rs738409 and TM6SF2 rs58542926 with health services utilization in a population-based study
Serum chemerin is associated with inflammatory and metabolic parameters-results of a population-based study
Predicting risk of substantial weight gain in German adults-a multi-center cohort approach.
Hypertension in Germany.
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
Genetic effects influencing risk for major depressive disorder in China and Europe.
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Ankle-brachial index and peripheral artery disease are not related to restless legs syndrome
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Impact of atrial fibrillation detected by extended monitoring-A population-based cohort study.
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
Causal relationship between obesity and serum testosterone status in men: A bi-directional mendelian randomization analysis.
Bluthochdruck in Deutschland Daten aus sieben bevölkerungsbasierten epidemiologischen Studien (1994–2012)
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
Associations of androgens with depressive symptoms and cognitive status in the general population.
Sex-specific metabolic profiles of androgens and its main binding protein SHBG in a middle aged population without diabetes.
Investigating the causal effect of smoking on hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis in the CARTA consortium.
Living alone and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system: Differential effects depending on alexithymic personality features.
The effect of furcation involvement on tooth loss in a population without regular periodontal therapy
Predicting brain structure in population-based samples with biologically informed genetic scores for schizophrenia.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genomic analyses identify hundreds of variants associated with age at menarche and support a role for puberty timing in cancer risk.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Association between Serum Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Levels and Visceral Adipose Tissue: A Population-Based Study in Northeast Germany.
Psychosocial features of irritable bowel syndrome in the study of health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Prospective study on the incidence, prevalence and 5-year pancreatic-related mortality of pancreatic cysts in a population-based study.
Abdominal fat deposits determined by magnetic resonance imaging in relation to leptin and vaspin levels as well as insulin resistance in the general adult population.
The Association between Bone Quality and Atherosclerosis: Results from Two Large Population-Based Studies.
Defining Optimal Health Range for Thyroid Function Based on the Risk of Cardiovascular Disease.
Automatized spleen segmentation in non-contrast-enhanced MR volume data using subject-specific shape priors.
Every participant is a PI. Citizen science and participatory governance in population studies.
NFAT5 and SLC4A10 Loci Associate with Plasma Osmolality.
Factors affecting sustainable iodine deficiency elimination in Pakistan: A global perspective.
Genome-wide association and targeted analysis of copy number variants with psoriatic arthritis in German patients.
Automatic MRI segmentation of para-pharyngeal fat pads using interactive visual feature space analysis for classification.
Correction: Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Longitudinal change in health-related quality of life in people with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes compared to diabetes-free controls.
Comprehensive metabolic characterization of serum osteocalcin action in a large non-diabetic sample.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Sex hormones and quantitative ultrasound parameters at the heel in men and women from the general population.
REPEATED MEASUREMENTS OF BLOOD PRESSURE AND CHOLESTEROL IMPROVES CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE RISK PREDICTION: AN INDIVIDUAL-PARTICIPANT-DATA META-ANALYSIS.
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Periodontitis and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, a population-based cohort investigation in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Serum chemerin levels are inversely associated with renal function in a general population.
[Static Retinal Vessel Analysis in Population-based Study SHIP-Trend].
Functional assessment of genetic variants located in the promoter of SHP1 (NR0B2).
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Sex Hormones and Hair Loss in Men From the General Population of Northeastern Germany.
No calcitonin change in a person taking dulaglutide diagnosed with pre-existing medullary thyroid cancer.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Thyroid Function Within the Normal Range, Subclinical Hypothyroidism and the Risk of Atrial Fibrillation.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction in depression: A systematic evaluation of candidate genes: The childhood trauma working-group of PGC-MDD.
Interlaboratory variability of urinary iodine measurements.
Sexual dimorphism of AMBRA1-related autistic features in human and mouse.
Worldwide trends in body-mass index, underweight, overweight, and obesity from 1975 to 2016: a pooled analysis of 2416 population-based measurement studies in 128·9 million children, adolescents, and adults.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Automatic gallbladder segmentation using combined 2D and 3D shape features to perform volumetric analysis in native and secretin-enhanced MRCP sequences.
MEASUREMENT OF PANCREATIC SIZE IN A POPULATION-BASED COHORT: COMPARISON OF ULTRASOUND AND MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING
The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409:G allele is associated with increased liver disease-associated mortality but reduced overall mortality in a population-based cohort.
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Microglia ablation alleviates myelin-associated catatonic signs in mice.
Investigation of Naturally Occurring Single-Nucleotide Variants in Human TAAR1.
Associations of genetic determinants of serum vitamin B12 and folate concentrations with hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
Does periodontitis affect diabetes incidence and haemoglobin A1c change? An 11-year follow-up study.
Hyperthyroxinemia is positively associated with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in two population-based samples from Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Association of sex hormones with physical, laboratory, and imaging markers of anthropometry in men and women from the general population.
Prediabetes is associated with microalbuminuria, reduced kidney function and chronic kidney disease in the general population: The KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) F4-Study.
Regionaler Vergleich von Ernährungsgewohnheiten der Normalbevölkerung in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
Definition of Age dependent reference values for Diameter of the common bile duct and ancreatic duct on MRCP from a Population based cohort study
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Risk factor prevalence and their relative influence on fatty liver and gallstone disease: A cross-ethnic study comparing two high-risk populations from chile and Northeast Germany
Targeting sphingosine-1-phosphate lyase as an anabolic therapy for bone loss
Circulating angiopoietin-2 and its soluble receptor Tie-2 concentrations are related to inflammatory markers in the general population
Association Between Symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Signs of Temporomandibular Disorders in the General Population.
Comprehensive Metabolic Profiling Reveals a Lipid-rich Fingerprint of Free Thyroxine Far Beyond Classical Parameters.
Functional variants of OCTN transporter genes are associated with total and LDL cholesterol in a body mass-dependent manner
Genome-wide association study in 79,366 European-ancestry individuals informs the genetic architecture of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels.
Physiological Aldosterone Concentrations Are Associated with Alterations of Lipid Metabolism: Observations from the General Population
Ceramide Remodeling and Risk of Cardiovascular Events and Mortality.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 44 risk variants and refine the genetic architecture of major depression.
The informative error: A framework for the construction of individualized phenotypes.
Associations of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 with bone quality in the general adult population.
Associations Between Plasma Chemerin Concentrations and Bone Quality in Adults From the General Population.
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Common and Rare Coding Genetic Variation Underlying the Electrocardiographic PR Interval.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Der Parodontitis-Risiko-Score - Via Selbsttest zum Screening
Reference values of vessel diameters, stenosis prevalence, and arterial variations of the lower limb arteries in a male population sample using contrast-enhanced MR angiography.
Prevalence of renal cysts and association with risk factors in a general population: an MRI-based study.
Association of Circulating Chemerin With Subclinical Parameters of Atherosclerosis: Results of a Population-Based Study.
Mapping cortical brain asymmetry in 17,141 healthy individuals worldwide via the ENIGMA Consortium.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
Low-Circulating Homoarginine is Associated with Dilatation and Decreased Function of the Left Ventricle in the General Population.
Self-reported oral health predicts tooth loss after five and ten years in a population-based study
Association of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Vitamin D with Depression and Obesity: A Population-Based Study.
Regional differences in antihyperglycemic medication are not explained by individual socioeconomic status, regional deprivation, and regional health care services. Observational results from the German DIAB-CORE consortium.
Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Evaluation of a new equation for LDL-c estimation and prediction of death by cardiovascular related events in a German population-based study cohort.
Regional tract-specific white matter hyperintensities are associated with patterns to aging-related brain atrophy via vascular risk factors, but also independently.
Predictive value for cardiovascular events of common carotid intima media thickness and its rate of change in individuals at high cardiovascular risk - Results from the PROG-IMT collaboration.
Assessment of subjective emotional valence and long-lasting impact of life events: development and psychometrics of the Stralsund Life Event List (SEL).
Risk thresholds for alcohol consumption: combined analysis of individual-participant data for 599?912 current drinkers in 83 prospective studies.
Low thyroid function is not associated with an accelerated deterioration in renal function.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
PR interval genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies 50 loci associated with atrial and atrioventricular electrical activity.
Hepatic steatosis associates with adverse molecular signatures in subjects without diabetes.
Enlarged perivascular spaces and cognition: A meta-analysis of 5 population-based studies.
White matter lesions: Spatial heterogeneity, links to risk factors, cognition, genetics, and atrophy.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
The relation between thyroid function and anemia: a pooled analysis of individual participant data.
Different rates of progression and mortality in patients with chronic kidney disease at outpatient nephrology clinics across Europe.
An InDel in Phospholipase-C-B-1 Is Linked with Euthyroid Multinodular Goiter.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
Identification of Comprehensive Metabotypes Associated with Cardiometabolic Diseases in the Population-Based KORA Study.
Correction to: Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Metabolomic profiling implicates adiponectin as mediator of a favorable lipoprotein profile associated with NT-proBNP.
Third Molars And Periodontal Damage Of Second Molars In The General Population.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
High Thyrotropin Is Associated with Reduced Hippocampal Volume in a Population-Based Study from Germany
Association of alcohol consumption with allergic disease and asthma: a multi-centre Mendelian randomization analysis.
Molecular Fingerprints of Iron Parameters among a Population-Based Sample.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
GWAS and colocalization analyses implicate carotid intima-media thickness and carotid plaque loci in cardiovascular outcomes.
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
Changes in fat mass and fat-free-mass are associated with incident hypertension in four population-based studies from Germany.
Regional differences of macrovascular disease in Northeast and South Germany: the population-based SHIP-TREND and KORA-F4 studies.
Common Genetic Variation in Relation to Brachial Vascular Dimensions and Flow-Mediated Vasodilation
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
Predicting physical and mental health symptoms: Additive and interactive effects of difficulty identifying feelings, neuroticism and extraversion.
Irritable bowel syndrome, mental health, and quality of life: Data from a population-based survey in Germany (SHIP-Trend-0)
Regional Influences on Nutritional Iodine Status of Pregnant Women in Pakistan
Prevalence and associated risk factors of periodic limb movement in sleep in two German population-based studies.
Correction: Predictive value for cardiovascular events of common carotid intima media thickness and its rate of change in individuals at high cardiovascular risk - Results from the PROG-IMT collaboration.
How Do We Improve the Impact of Iodine Deficiency Disorders Prevention in Europe and Beyond?
Age at natural menopause and life expectancy with and without type 2 diabetes.
Equalization of four cardiovascular risk algorithms after systematic recalibration: individual-participant meta-analysis of 86 prospective studies.
A framework for expert-driven subpopulation discovery and evaluation using subspace clustering for epidemiological data
Meta-analysis of up to 622,409 individuals identifies 40 novel smoking behaviour associated genetic loci.
New Insights in the Link Between Malocclusion and Periodontal Disease.
Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
Assessment of the Relationship Between Genetic Determinants of Thyroid Function and Atrial Fibrillation: A Mendelian Randomization Study
Association of anthropometric markers with globe position: A population-based MRI study
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Mean platelet volume is more important than age for defining reference intervals of platelet counts.
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
Variants in ABCG8 and TRAF3 genes confer risk for gallstone disease in admixed Latinos with Mapuche Native American ancestry.
Evaluation of a rare glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor variant in a patient with diabetes.
The sex paradox in the interplay between periodontitis, obesity, and serum C-reactive protein. Data from a general population
Accuracy of ultrasonography in the assessment of liver fat compared with MRI
Pancreatic Steatosis Is Associated With Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function
Interactive impact of childhood maltreatment, depression, and age on cortical brain structure: mega-analytic findings from a large multi-site cohort
Rising rural body-mass index is the main driver of the global obesity epidemic in adults.
Construction of a biological age score to predict tooth loss over ten years
Prevalence of thyroid abnormality: a comparison of ambulatory claims data with data from a population-based study
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction and depressive symptoms: protocol for a systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies.
Associations of circulating chemerin and adiponectin concentrations with hepatic steatosis.
Metabolic signature associated with parameters of the complete blood count in apparently healthy individuals.
Differential activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in response to childhood and adulthood trauma.
Age-Related Macular Degeneration and Associated Risk Factors in the Population-Based Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-Trend)
Copy number variants in lipid metabolism genes are associated with gallstones disease in men.
Association of childhood traumatization and neuropsychiatric outcomes with altered plasma micro RNA-levels.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors Associated With Venous Thromboembolism.
Genome-wide association analysis of diverticular disease points towards neuromuscular, connective tissue and epithelial pathomechanisms.
Herpes zoster incidence in Germany - an indirect validation study for self-reported disease data from pretest studies of the population-based German National Cohort.
A deep learning framework for efficient analysis of breast volume and fibroglandular tissue using MR data with strong artifacts.
How to report incidental findings from population whole-body MRI: view of participants of the German National Cohort.
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
Interobserver variability of ventilatory anaerobic threshold in asymptomatic volunteers.
Long-term impact of powered toothbrush on oral health: 11-year cohort study.
GWAS of Suicide Attempt in Psychiatric Disorders and Association With Major Depression Polygenic Risk Scores.
Corticosteroids and Regional Variations in Thickness of the Human Cerebral Cortex across the Lifespan.
No Alterations of Brain Structural Asymmetry in Major Depressive Disorder: An ENIGMA Consortium Analysis.
Plasma Metabolomics to Identify and Stratify Patients with Impaired Glucose Tolerance.
Association of Thyroid Function with Handgrip Strength: Data from the Study of Health in Pomerania and the Berlin Aging Study II.
Posttraumatic stress disorder is associated with reduced vitamin D levels and functional polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein in a population-based sample.
A thyroid hormone-independent molecular fingerprint of 3,5-diiodothyronine suggests a strong relation with coffee metabolism in humans.
Diabetes status affects long-term changes in coronal caries - The SHIP Study.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
Progression of conventional cardiovascular risk factors and vascular disease risk in individuals: insights from the PROG-IMT consortium
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
Phenome-wide association analysis of LDL-cholesterol lowering genetic variants in PCSK9.
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Comparability of Size Measurements of the Pancreas in Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Transabdominal Ultrasound.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Harmonization of large MRI datasets for the analysis of brain imaging patterns throughout the lifespan.
The Krakow Declaration on Iodine: Tasks and Responsibilities for Prevention Programs Targeting Iodine Deficiency Disorders.
The Impact of Childhood Trauma and Depressive Symptoms on Body Mass Index
The Saliva Metabolome in Association to Oral Health Status
A Biomarker for Alzheimer's Disease Based on Patterns of Regional Brain Atrophy.
Frequency of thyroid function tests and examinations in participants of a population-based study
Associations between adipose tissue volume and small molecules in plasma and urine among asymptomatic subjects from the general population.
Die Basiserhebung der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie: Teilnahme an den Untersuchungsmodulen, Qualitätssicherung und Nutzung von Sekundärdaten
Evaluation of the Metabotype Concept Identified in an Irish Population in the German KORA Cohort Study.
Körperliche Aktivität in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie: erste Ergebnisse des multimodalen Erhebungskonzepts
Anthropometrische Messungen in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie – mehr als nur Größe und Gewicht
Messung der körperlichen Fitness in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie – Methoden, Qualitätssicherung und erste deskriptive Ergebnisse
Häufigkeiten muskuloskelettaler Symptome und Erkrankungen in der bevölkerungsbezogenen NAKO Gesundheitsstudie
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
ENIGMA and global neuroscience: A decade of large-scale studies of the brain in health and disease across more than 40 countries.
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
[Blood pressure measurement in the NAKO German National Cohort (GNC) - differences in methods, distribution of blood pressure values, and awareness of hypertension compared to other population-based studies in Germany].
Are Third Molars Associated With Orofacial Pain? Findings From the SHIP Study
Design und Qualitätskontrolle der zahnmedizinischen Untersuchung in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie [Design and quality control of the oral health status examination in the German National Cohort (GNC)]
Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: Obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery
Is the Obesity Paradox in Type 2 Diabetes Due to Artefacts of Biases? An Analysis of Pooled Cohort Data from the Heinz Nixdorf Recall Study and the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Carotid Lumen Diameter Is Associated With All?Cause Mortality in the General Population
Standardized Map of Iodine Status in Europe.
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Shame, self-identification with having a mental illness, and willingness to seek help in northeast Germany
The Polygenic and Monogenic Basis of Blood Traits and Diseases.
Trans-ethnic and Ancestry-Specific Blood-Cell Genetics in 746,667 Individuals from 5 Global Populations.
Associations of a Panel of Adipokines with Fat Deposits and Metabolic Phenotypes in a General Population.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Vitamin D levels are associated with trait resilience but not depression in a general population sample.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
An individual participant data analysis of prospective cohort studies on the association between subclinical thyroid dysfunction and depressive symptoms.
Genetic loci associated with prevalent and incident myocardial infarction and coronary heart disease in the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) Consortium.
Decision-Analytic Modeling Studies in Prevention and Treatment of Iodine Deficiency and Thyroid Disorders: A Systematic Overview.
Prevalence and risk factors of perirenal hyperintensities on T2-weighted MR imaging.
Prevalence of Prediabetes and Diabetes Mellitus Type II in Bipolar Disorder.
Long-term prognosis after kidney donation: a propensity score matched comparison of living donors and non-donors from two population cohorts.
Associations between Sleep Apnoea and Advanced Brain Ageing in a Large-Scale Population Study.
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
[Assessment of self-reported cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in the German National Cohort (GNC, NAKO Gesundheitsstudie): methods and initial results].
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
MRI signatures of brain age and disease over the lifespan based on a deep brain network and 14?468 individuals worldwide.
Associations between shift work and risk of colorectal cancer in two German cohort studies.
Benefits and Harms of a Prevention Program for Iodine Deficiency Disorders: Predictions of the Decision-Analytic EUthyroid Model.
Barriers Against Prevention Programs for Iodine Deficiency Disorders in Europe: A Delphi Study.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Tooth loss and adiposity: possible role of carnitine transporter (OCTN1/2) polymorphisms in women but not in men.
Interactions of anemia, FGF-23 and bone in healthy adults - results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
The association between thyroid function biomarkers and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Subcortical shape alterations in major depressive disorder: Findings from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group
Brain aging in major depressive disorder: results from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group.
Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders : Evidence through univariate and multivariate mega-analysis including 6420 participants from the ENIGMA MDD working group
Virtual Histology of Cortical Thickness and Shared Neurobiology in 6 Psychiatric Disorders.
Greater male than female variability in regional brain structure across the lifespan
Association of traumatic stress and posttraumatic stress disorder with carotid atherosclerosis: findings from the general population.
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Vitamin D moderates the interaction between 5-HTTLPR and childhood abuse in depressive disorders.
Association between coronal caries and malocclusion in an adult population.
Relation of body fat mass and fat-free mass to total mortality: results from 7 prospective cohort studies.
Childhood maltreatment and lung function: Findings from the general population.
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study
Exocrine Pancreatic Function Modulates Plasma Metabolites Through Changes in Gut Microbiota Composition.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
Lack of association between proton pump inhibitor use and brain aging: a cross-sectional study
Comparison of pancreatic size measurements in transabdominal ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging and its dependence on age, gender, and body mass index in apopulation-based cohort
Height and body-mass index trajectories of school-aged children and adolescents from 1985 to 2019 in 200 countries and territories: a pooled analysis of 2181 population-based studies with 65 million participants.
Research in rural regions for rural regions: Temporary study centers as a method to increase response in population-based studies. Results of the German national cohort in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
The Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Self-Reported Health - Early evidence from the German National Cohort
Alexithymia is associated with increased all-cause mortality risk in men, but not in women: A 10-year follow-up study.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Association of proton pump inhibitor use with endothelial function and metabolites of the nitric oxide pathway: A cross-sectional study.
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Variants associated with HHIP expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
The association between genetically determined ABO blood types and major depressive disorder.
The genetic predisposition to longevity acts through behavioral phenotypes in females.
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Childhood Maltreatment and Subclinical Atherosclerosis: Findings from the General Population.
Educational Level, But Not Income or Area Deprivation, is Related to Macrovascular Disease: Results from Two Population-based Cohorts in Germany
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
ENIGMA-Sleep: Challenges, opportunities, and the road map.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Soziodemografische und störungsbezogene Determinanten zur Inanspruchnahme von ärztlicher oder psychologischer Hilfe bei depressiven Episoden in einem strukturschwachen Flächenland - die besondere Rolle des Lebensalters
Association between different dimensions of childhood traumatization and plasma micro-RNA levels in a clinical psychiatric sample
Variation in the SERPINA6/SERPINA1 locus alters morning plasma cortisol, hepatic corticosteroid binding globulin expression, gene expression in peripheral tissues, and risk of cardiovascular disease.
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
The course of thyroid nodules and thyroid volume over a time-period of up to 10 years: a longitudinal analysis of a population-based cohort
Alexithymia and its association with cortisol in the general population
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
The association of childhood maltreatment, somatization and health-related quality of life in adult age: Results from a population-based cohort study
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
Is Continuous Eruption Related to Periodontal Changes? A 16-Year Follow-up.
Ten-year trends in DMF-S and DMF-T in a northeast German adult population Schmoeckel J, Haq J, Samietz S, Santamaría RM, Mourad MS, Völzke H, Kocher T, Splieth CH, Holtfreter B.
Contrasting recruitment of skin-associated adipose depots during cold challenge of mouse and human.
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
Polypharmacy and saliva volumes in the northeast of Germany - The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Prevalence and risk factors of potentially malignant disorders of the mucosa in the general population: Mucosa lesions a general health problem?
A deep cascaded segmentation of obstructive sleep apnea-relevant organs from sagittal spine MRI.
Modeling transcriptomic age using knowledge-primed artificial neural networks.
Long-term outcome of incidental cystic liver tumors in the general population.
A metabolome-wide association study in the general population reveals decreased levels of serum laurylcarnitine in people with depression
Meta-analysis of epigenome-wide association studies of carotid intima-media thickness.
Lack of Significant Association between Sex Hormone Concentrations and Atopic Dermatitis in Adolescents and Adults in Two Population-Based Studies.
Assessing the difficulty of annotating medical data in crowdworking with help of experiments.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
The site of waist measurement impacts the estimation of visceral fat: Results from three-dimensional photonic body scanning.
Association of Thyroid Dysfunction With Cognitive Function: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Association between hepatic fat and subclinical vascular disease burden in the general population.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Validating biomarkers and models for epigenetic inference of alcohol consumption from blood.
The economic impact of prevention, monitoring and treatment strategies for iodine deficiency disorders in Germany.
Subcortical volumes across the lifespan: Data from 18,605 healthy individuals aged 3-90?years
Cortical thickness across the lifespan: Data from 17,075 healthy individuals aged 3-90?years
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
Interrater sleep stage scoring reliability between manual scoring from two European sleep centers and automatic scoring performed by the artificial intelligence-based Stanford-STAGES algorithm.
Genome-wide analysis of 944 133 individuals provides insights into the etiology of haemorrhoidal disease.
Whole-body R2? mapping to quantify tissue iron in iron storage organs: reference values and a genotype.
Brain Correlates of Suicide Attempt in 18,925 Participants Across 18 International Cohorts.
Genetic insights into biological mechanisms governing human ovarian ageing.
Cortical and subcortical brain structure in generalized anxiety disorder: findings from 28 research sites in the ENIGMA-Anxiety Working Group.
Higher thyrotropin leads to unfavorable lipid profile and somewhat higher cardiovascular disease risk: evidence from multi-cohort Mendelian randomization and metabolomic profiling.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Associations of carotid intima media thickness with gene expression in whole blood and genetically predicted gene expression across 48 tissues.
The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.
Body mass index but not genetic risk is longitudinally associated with altered structural brain parameters
Association of glycated hemoglobin A levels with cardiovascular outcomes in the general population: results from the BiomarCaRE (Biomarker for Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Europe) consortium.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Effects of whole-body MRI on outpatient health service costs: a general-population prospective cohort study in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany
Variants associated with  expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
Dissecting the Shared Genetic Architecture of Suicide Attempt, Psychiatric Disorders, and Known Risk Factors.
Associations of objective and subjective sleep quality with MRI markers of brain ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
Toll-like receptor 1 locus re-examined in a genome-wide association study update on anti-Helicobacter pylori IgG titers
Correction to: Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Inverse association between the anticholinergic burden and hippocampus volume in a population-based cohort across the entire adult age range.
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Correction: Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders
The Brain Chart of Aging: Machine-learning analytics reveals links between brain aging, white matter disease, amyloid burden, and cognition in the iSTAGING consortium of 10,216 harmonized MR scans
Data?driven approach reveals heterogeneity and region?specific association of white matter hyperintensities with the APOE genotype: Doctor AI: Making computers explain their decisions
Association of thyroid function with insulin resistance: data from two population-based studies.
Plasma circulating micro-RNAs associated with alexithymia reflect a high overlap on neuropsychiatric outcomes.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Association between thyroid function and assessment of hepatic fat and iron contents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Circulating Metabolome and White Matter Hyperintensities in Women and Men.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate and vascular disease in the general population
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Impact of dental restorations and removable prostheses on potentially malignant oral mucosal disorders in the general population
Factors influencing tooth loss in European population
Association between bone turnover markers and periodontitis: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Tooth loss in periodontally treated patients: A registry- and observation-based analysis
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
Genetic and clinical determinants of abdominal aortic diameter: genome-wide association studies, exome array data and Mendelian randomization study.
Analysis of epidemiological association patterns of serum thyrotropin by combining random forests and Bayesian networks.
Genome-wide associations of aortic distensibility suggest causality for aortic aneurysms and brain white matter hyperintensities.
A multi-layer functional genomic analysis to understand noncoding genetic variation in lipids.
Links between ectopic and abdominal fat and systemic inflammation: New insights from the SHIP-Trend study.
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Birth Order, Caesarean Section, or Daycare Attendance in Relation to Child- and Adult-Onset Type 1 Diabetes: Results from the German National Cohort
Development and External Validation of a Multivariable Prediction Model to Identify Nondiabetic Hyperglycemia and Undiagnosed Type 2 Diabetes: Diabetes Risk Assessment in Dentistry Score (DDS)
Childhood maltreatment is not associated with atopic dermatitis in adults: results from a cross-sectional population-based cohort study.
Genome-wide association analyses of physical activity and sedentary behavior provide insights into underlying mechanisms and roles in disease prevention.
A saturated map of common genetic variants associated with human height.
Framework and baseline examination of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
An uncertainty-aware, shareable, and transparent neural network architecture for brain-age modeling.
Register-based information on thyroid diseases in Europe: lessons and results from the EUthyroid collaboration.
Simple diameter measurement as predictor of liver volume and liver parenchymal disease.
Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Large Population-Based German National Cohort Study: Predictive Capability of Automated Image Quality Assessment for Protocol Repetitions.
Interaction of childhood abuse and depressive symptoms on cortical thickness: a general population study.
Quality of life and sleep in individuals with irritable bowel syndrome according to different diagnostic criteria and inflammatory bowel diseases: A comparison using data from a population-based survey.
Incorporating Baseline Outcome Data in Individual Participant Data Meta-Analysis of Non-randomized Studies.
Does social support prevent suicidal ideation in women and men? Gender-sensitive analyses of an important protective factor within prospective community cohorts.
Prevalence, atopic and psychological comorbidity of physician-diagnosed atopic dermatitis in an adult general population sample: A cross-sectional study.
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
Vitamin D deficit is associated with accelerated brain aging in the general population.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
TREML2 Gene Expression and Its Missense Variant rs3747742 Associate with White Matter Hyperintensity Volume and Alzheimer's Disease-Related Brain Atrophy in the General Population.
Os acromiale: prevalence and associated patient-related factors-a population-based study of three thousand and fifty participants.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.
The role of educational attainment and brain morphology in major depressive disorder: Findings from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder consortium.
The assessment of childhood maltreatment and its associations with affective symptoms in adulthood: Results of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
APOE ?4 in Depression-Associated Memory Impairment-Evidence from Genetic and MicroRNA Analyses.
The bias from heaping on risk estimation: effect of age at diagnosis of hypertension on risk of subsequent cardiovascular comorbidities.
Universal salt iodization potentially contributes to health equity: socio-economic status of children does not affect iodine status.
Estimating Incidence and Case Fatality of Thyroid Storm in Germany Between 2007 and 2017: A Claims Data Analysis.
Associations of Pulmonary Function with MRI Brain Volumes: A Coordinated Multi-Study Analysis.
Determinants of Perivascular Spaces in the General Population: A Pooled Cohort Analysis of Individual Participant Data.
Mild-to-Moderate Kidney Dysfunction and Cardiovascular Disease: Observational and Mendelian Randomization Analyses.
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
Automated imaging-based abdominal organ segmentation and quality control in 20,000 participants of the UK Biobank and German National Cohort Studies.
Insufficient physical activity and multimorbidity was associated with low physical functional performance in older adults: a cross-sectional study
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
The relationship between Alzheimer's-related brain atrophy patterns and sleep macro-architecture.
tRNA-like Transcripts from the  Genomic Region Critically Influence Human Innate Immunity and Macrophage Functions.
Population Based Average Parotid Gland Volume and Prevalence of Incidental Tumors in T1-MRI
Implicating genes, pleiotropy, and sexual dimorphism at blood lipid loci through multi-ancestry meta-analysis.
Have extraction patterns in German adults with severe periodontitis changed between 2000 and 2010? Results from two cohort studies.
Powered tooth brushes are beneficial for long-term oral health: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND).
Masticaticatory muscles characteristics in relation to adiposity and general muscular fitness: a population-based study
Deciphering the Effect of Different Genetic Variants on Hippocampal Subfield Volumes in the General Population.
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
The interplay between micro RNAs and genetic liability to Alzheimer's Disease on memory trajectories in the general population.
Depression, cardiometabolic disease, and their co-occurrence after childhood maltreatment: an individual participant data meta-analysis including over 200,000 participants.
Epigenome-Wide Association Study Reveals CpG Sites Associated with Thyroid Function and Regulatory Effects on KLF9
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
Conducting an Epidemiologic Study and Making It FAIR: Reusable Tools and Procedures from a Population-Based Cohort Study.
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Biomarker-based prediction of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with diabetes mellitus.
Lack of structural brain alterations associated with insomnia: findings from the ENIGMA-Sleep Working Group.
Analysis of volume and topography of adipose tissue in the trunk: Results of MRI of 11,141 participants in the German National Cohort.
Better Together: Data Harmonization and Cross-Study Analysis of Abdominal MRI Data From UK Biobank and the German National Cohort.
Volume of subcortical brain regions in social anxiety disorder: mega-analytic results from 37 samples in the ENIGMA-Anxiety Working Group.
Author Correction: The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.
The interplay of family history of depression and early trauma: associations with lifetime and current depression in the German national cohort (NAKO)
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.
Iodine Deficiency, Maternal Hypothyroxinemia and Endocrine Disrupters Affecting Fetal Brain Development: A Scoping Review.
Carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerotic plaques are associated with renal function decline: a 14-year longitudinal population-based study.
Distinct genetic liability profiles define clinically relevant patient strata across common diseases.
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.