Partecke, Lars Ivo	FIS_1208
[Modern treatment of an appendiceal mass.]
Effectiveness of triclosan-coated PDS Plus versus uncoated PDS II sutures for prevention of surgical site infection after abdominal wall closure: the randomised controlled PROUD trial.
TRAIL Induces Neutrophil Apoptosis and Dampens Sepsis-Induced Organ Injury in Murine Colon Ascendens Stent Peritonitis.
Surgical Trauma Leads to a Shorter Survival in a Murine Orthotopic Pancreatic Cancer Model.
Händehygiene – mehr als nur Händedesinfektion
Einsatz wieder aufbereitbarer textiler Unterziehhandschuhe für medizinische Tätigkeiten: eine Machbarkeitsstudie. Zbl Chirurgie 139: 1-6
Impact of diabetes type II and chronic inflammation on pancreatic cancer.
Chronic stress promotes neoangiogenesis in a syngenetic orthotopic mouse model of pancreatic cancer
TRAIL Promotes Tumor Growth in a Syngeneic Murine Orthotopic Pancreatic Cancer Model and Affects the Host Immune Response.
Chronic stress increases experimental pancreatic cancer growth, reduces survival and can be antagonised by beta-adrenergic receptor blockade.
TNF-related apoptosis-inducing Ligand deficiencynhances survival in murine colon ascendens stent peritonitis
Subdiaphragmatic vagotomy promotes tumor growth and reduces survival via TNF? in a murine pancreatic cancer model.
The organic anion transporting peptide (OATP) 2B1 is localized in the basolateral membrane of the human jejunum and Caco-2 monolayers.
Giant hepatocellular carcinoma with bone metastasis in a young adult, emerged from pigmented adenoma with beta-Catenin activation: A case report.
LPS promotes resistance to TRAIL-induced apoptosis in pancreatic cancer.
The Ussing Chamber Assay to Study Drug Metabolism and Transport in the Human Intestine.
Non-thermal plasma-treated solution demonstrates antitumor activity against pancreatic cancer cells in vitro and in vivo.
Diagnosis and treatment in chronic pancreatitis: an international survey and case vignette study.
Diagnosis and treatment in chronic pancreatitis: an international survey and case vignette study.
Partial pancreatoduodenectomy versus duodenum-preserving pancreatic head resection in chronic pancreatitis: the multicentre, randomised, controlled, double-blind ChroPac trial.
Cathepsin B-mediated Activation of Trypsinogen in Endocytosing Macrophages Increases Severity of Pancreatitis in Mice.
LC-MS/MS method for the simultaneous quantification of intestinal CYP and UGT activity.
Cold physical plasma treated buffered saline solution as effective agent against pancreatic cancer cells.
The MRI Sepsis Score: An Innovative Tool for the Evaluation of Septic Peritonitis in Mice Using 7-Tesla Small Animal MRI.
Dysregulation of mucosal membrane transporters and drug metabolizing enzymes in ulcerative colitis.
Cold Physical Plasma Selectively Elicits Apoptosis in Murine Pancreatic Cancer Cells  and .
Repeated cold atmospheric plasma application to intact skin causes no sensitation in a standard murine model.
Plasma-treated medium tunes the inflammatory profile in murine bone marrow-derived macrophages.
A myeloid and lymphoid infiltrate in murine pancreatic tumors exposed to plasma-treated medium.
The feed gas composition determines the degree of physical plasma-induced platelet activation for blood coagulation
Physical plasma-treated saline promotes an immunogenic phenotype in CT26 colon cancer cells in vitro and in vivo.
RAW 264.7 Macrophage Polarization by Pancreatic Cancer Cells - A Model for Studying Tumour-promoting Macrophages.
Gas Plasma-Conditioned Ringer's Lactate Enhances the Cytotoxic Activity of Cisplatin and Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Cancer In Vitro and In Ovo.
Gas Plasma-Conditioned Ringer's Lactate Enhances the Cytotoxic Activity of Cisplatin and Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Cancer In Vitro and In Ovo.
Identification of Two Kinase Inhibitors with Synergistic Toxicity with Low-Dose Hydrogen Peroxide in Colorectal Cancer Cells in vitro.
Risk evaluation of EMT and inflammation in metastatic pancreatic cancer cells following plasma treatment
Gastric Balloon Implantation as Part of Morbid Adiposity Therapy Changes the Structure of the Stomach Wall
Murine Macrophages Modulate Their Inflammatory Profile in Response to Gas Plasma-Inactivated Pancreatic Cancer Cells
S2k-Leitlinie Rationaler therapeutischer Einsatz von kaltem physikalischem Plasma
Visceral Surgery Profoundly Affects the Cellular and Humoral Components of the Anti-Tumour Immune Response in a Murine Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Model