Hammer, Elke	FIS_1184
Proteomic identification of potential prognostic biomarkers in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Kidney Protein profiling of Wilms´ tumor patients by analysis of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples
A Novel Artificial MicroRNA Expressing AAV Vector for Phospholamban Silencing in Cardiomyocytes Improves Ca2+ Uptake into the Sarcoplasmic Reticulum.
Proteomanalyse aus formalinfixierten Gewebeproben von Patienten mit Nephroblastom
Proteome analysis of heart biopsies using a TRIzol-based protein extraction.
Absolute quantification of the Kdp subunits of Escherichia coli by multiple reaction monitoring.
Comparative evaluation of peptide desalting methods for salivary proteome analysis.
Identification, characterization and structure analysis of the c-di-AMP binding PII-like signal transduction protein DarA.
A novel engineering tool in the Bacillus subtilis toolbox: inducer-free activation of gene expression by selection-driven promoter decryptification.
Using a Label Free Quantitative Proteomics Approach to Identify Changes in Protein Abundance in Multidrug-Resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Brain derived neurotrophic factor contributes to the cardiogenic potential of adult resident progenitor cells in failing murine heart
The other side of the RAAS - Aldosterone improves migration of cardiac progenitor cells
Protective effects of endothelin receptor A and B inhibitors against doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy.
Evidence for synergistic control of glutamate biosynthesis by glutamate dehydrogenases and glutamate in Bacillus subtilis.
Associations of circulating plasma microRNAs with age, body mass index and sex in a population-based study.
Effect of Experimental Thyrotoxicosis onto Blood Coagulation: A Proteomics Study
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Targeted synthesis of novel ?-lactam antibiotics by laccase-catalyzed reaction of aromatic substrates selected by pre-testing for their antimicrobial and cytotoxic activity
Molecular and proteome analyses highlight the importance of the Cpx envelope stress system for acid stress and cell wall stability in Escherichia coli.
Proteomic profile of platelets during reconstitution of platelet counts after apheresis.
Utilising the EGFR interactome to identify mechanisms of drug resistance in non-small cell lung cancer - Proof of concept towards a systems pharmacology approach.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
A Novel Assay to Assess the Effect of Pharmaceutical Compounds on the Differentiation of Podocytes.
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
Pathophysiological aldosterone levels modify the secretory activity of cardiac progenitor cells.
Biotransformation and reduction of estrogenicity of bisphenol A by the biphenyl-degrading Cupriavidus basilensis.
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
Impact of blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
Characterization of the Genetic Program Linked to the Development of Atrial Fibrillation in CREM-Ib?C-X Mice.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
The role of the two-component systems Cpx and Arc in protein alterations upon gentamicin treatment in Escherichia coli.
Identification of the Components Involved in Cyclic Di-AMP Signaling in Mycoplasma pneumoniae.
Data on the impact of the blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
Dynamic adaptation of myocardial proteome during heart failure development.
Erratum to: Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution.
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
Plasma protein profiling of patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas as potential precursor lesions of pancreatic cancer.
The N-terminal CCHC zinc finger motif mediates homodimerization of the transcription factor BCL11B.
Cellular concentrations of the transporters DctA, DcuB, and the sensor DcuS of Escherichia coli and the contributions of free and complexed DcuS to transcriptional regulation by DcuR.
Plasma protein absolute quantification by nano-LC Q-TOF UDMSE for clinical biomarker verification.
Global secretome analysis of resident cardiac progenitor cells from wild type and transgenic heart failure mice: why ambience matters
Chronic beta-adrenergic stimulation reverses depressed Ca handling in mice overexpressing inhibitor-2 of protein phosphatase 1
Circulating proteomic patterns in AF related left atrial remodeling indicate involvement of coagulation and complement cascade.
Fibronectin modulates formation of PF4/heparin complexes and is a potential factor for reducing risk of developing HIT.
Influence of soy isoflavones in breast cancer angiogenesis: a multiplex glass ELISA approach.
Sex-specific differences in the intracellular proteome of human endothelial cells from dizygotic twins.
HDAC (Histone Deacetylase) Inhibitor Valproic Acid Attenuates Atrial Remodeling and Delays the Onset of Atrial Fibrillation in Mice.
Save the Children by Treating Their Mothers (PriVileG-M-Study) - Study Protocol: A Sequentially Randomized Controlled Trial of Individualized Psychotherapy and Telemedicine to Reduce Mental Stress in Pregnant Women and Young Mothers and to Improve Child's Health
The KupA and KupB Proteins of  IL1403 Are Novel c-di-AMP Receptor Proteins Responsible for Potassium Uptake.
Correlation of gene expression and clinical parameters identifies a set of genes reflecting LV systolic dysfunction and morphological alterations.
Global plasma protein profiling reveals DCM characteristic protein signatures.
Sex-specific metabolic and functional differences in human umbilical vein endothelial cells from twin pairs.
Fumarate dependent protein composition under aerobic and anaerobic growth conditions in Escherichia coli.
Adenine Nucleotide Translocase 1 Expression is Coupled to the HSP27-Mediated TLR4 Signaling in Cardiomyocytes.
Biologics Production: Impact of Degrading or Modifying Impurities Resulting from Microbial Contaminations of Non-Sterile Process Intermediates on Product Quality
Management of Osmoprotectant Uptake Hierarchy in Bacillus subtilis via a SigB-Dependent Antisense RNA
Impact of Storage Conditions on the Breast Milk Peptidome.
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
From Proteomics to Personalized Medicine: The Importance of Isoflavone Dose and Estrogen Receptor Status in Breast Cancer Cells
Nup133 and ER? mediate the differential effects of hyperoxia-induced damage in male and female OPCs.
Laccase-catalyzed derivatization of 6-aminopenicillanic, 7-aminocephalosporanic and 7-aminodesacetoxycephalosporanic acid.
The Cardiac Fibroblast in heart failure – an inflammatory cell
Specific domain V reduction of beta-2-glycoprotein I induces protein flexibility and alters pathogenic antibody binding.
Immunoproteasome impairment via ?5i/LMP7-deletion leads to sustained pancreatic injury from experimental pancreatitis.
Fetal Zone Steroids and Estrogen Show Sex Specific Effects on Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells in Response to Oxidative Damage.
Cytokine-Mediated Alterations of Human Cardiac Fibroblast’s Secretome
Differences in Cell-Intrinsic Inflammatory Programs of Yolk Sac and Bone Marrow Macrophages
Tissue-specific multi-omics analysis of atrial fibrillation.
Serum starvation induces sexual dimorphisms in secreted proteins of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from twin pairs.
Fetal Zone Steroids Show Discrete Effects on Hyperoxia-Induced Attenuation of Migration in Cultured Oligodendrocyte Progenitor Cells.
Riociguat attenuates left ventricular proteome and microRNA profile changes after experimental aortic stenosis in mice.
Deficiency in FTSJ1 Affects Neuronal Plasticity in the Hippocampal Formation of Mice
Tight Complex Formation of the Fumarate Sensing DcuS-DcuR Two-Component System at the Membrane and Target Promoter Search by Free DcuR Diffusion.
ACTN2 Mutant Causes Proteopathy in Human iPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
Immunoproteasomes control activation of innate immune signaling and microglial function.
BCL11B depletion induces the development of highly cytotoxic innate T cells out of IL-15 stimulated peripheral blood ?? CD8+ T cells
Proteomic Analysis in Valvular Cardiomyopathy: Aortic Regurgitation vs. Aortic Stenosis
PSMC3 proteasome subunit variants are associated with neurodevelopmental delay and type I interferon production.