Hosemann W	FIS_2225
[Aerosinusitis : Part 1: Fundamentals, pathophysiology and prophylaxis].
Recurrent cerebrospinal fluid leaks and bacterial meningitis in complex posttraumatic dural-lymphatic skull-base malformation after craniocerebral injury in childhood.
European position paper on the anatomical terminology of the internal nose and paranasal sinuses.
[Hemostatic Management of Patients undergoing Ear-Nose-Throat-Surgery].
Endoscopic Endonasal Approach for Craniopharyngiomas.
Eradication of MRSA skull base osteitis by combined treatment with antibiotics and sinonasal irrigation with sodium hypochlorite.
Proteomic Changes of Tissue-Tolerable Plasma Treated Airway Epithelial Cells and Their Relation to Wound Healing
Grundsätze der Hygiene bei der HNO-Endoskopie: ein Update
Hemostatic management of patients undergoing ear-nose-throat surgery.
[Principles of hygiene in ENT endoscopy].
[Comprehensive review on rhino-neurosurgery].
Principles of infection prevention and reprocessing in ENT endoscopy.
[Introduction to the reference issue 20150].
Comprehensive review on rhino-neurosurgery.
Comprehensive review on endonasal endoscopic sinus surgery.
A new score to predict the risk of hearing impairment after microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm
Eradication of MRSA skull base ostitis by combined treatment with antibiotics and sinonasal irrigation with sodium hypochlorite
The International Frontal Sinus Anatomy Classification (IFAC) and Classification of the Extent of Endoscopic Frontal Sinus Surgery (EFSS).
Orbital floor fracture repair: the endonasal approach.
Posterior translacrimal approach to the maxillary sinus.
mySinusitisCoach: Patient empowerment in chronic rhinosinusitis using mobile technology
[Stents and spacers in endoscopic endonasal sinus surgery].
Improved Wound Healing of Airway Epithelial Cells Is Mediated by Cold Atmospheric Plasma: A Time Course-Related Proteome Analysis.
Quality of life and olfactory function after suprasellar craniopharyngioma surgery-a single-center experience comparing transcranial and endoscopic endonasal approaches
Rhinoneurochirurgie – endoskopische  endonasale Schädelbasischirurgie
Three-dimensional structure of the basal lamella of the middle turbinate.