Depke, Maren	FIS_1035
Labeling of the pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus with gold or ferric oxide-core nanoparticles highlights new capabilities for investigation of host-pathogen interactions.
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
Activation of the alternative sigma factor SigB of Staphylococcus aureus following internalization by epithelial cells - an in vivo proteomics perspective.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Analysis of human TAAR8 and murine Taar8b mediated signaling pathways and expression profile.
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
A peptide resource for the analysis of Staphylococcus aureus in host-pathogen interaction studies.
Staphylococcus aureus Transcriptome Architecture: From Laboratory to Infection-Mimicking Conditions.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
Analysis of Staphylococcus aureus proteins secreted inside infected human epithelial cells.
In vivo proteomics identifies the competence regulon and AliB oligopeptide transporter as pathogenic factors in pneumococcal meningitis.
Single-Cell and Time-Resolved Profiling of Intracellular Salmonella Metabolism in Primary Human Cells.
Hfq modulates global protein pattern and stress response in Bordetella pertussis.
Early-Stage  Bloodstream Infection Causes Changes in the Concentrations of Lipoproteins and Acute-Phase Proteins and Is Associated with Low Antibody Titers against Bacterial Virulence Factors.
TRYPTIC DIGESTION OF HUMAN SERUM FOR PROTEOMIC MASS SPECTROMETRY AUTOMATED BY CENTRIFUGAL MICROFLUIDICS
Wenn Zellsortierung auf Massenspektrometrie trifft
Nuclear import of BCL11B is mediated by a classical nuclear localization signal and not the Krüppel-like zinc fingers
Proteome analysis of NRF2 inhibition in melanoma reveals CD44 up-regulation and increased apoptosis resistance upon vemurafenib treatment
ACTN2 Mutant Causes Proteopathy in Human iPSC-Derived Cardiomyocytes.
BCL11B depletion induces the development of highly cytotoxic innate T cells out of IL-15 stimulated peripheral blood ?? CD8+ T cells