Frost, Fabian	FIS_71865
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Meta-analysis of human genome-microbiome association studies: the MiBioGen consortium initiative.
Meta-analysis of human genome-microbiome association studies: the MiBioGen consortium initiative.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Clinical phenotypes of IgG4-related disease: an analysis of two international cross-sectional cohorts.
Das Mikrobiom des infizierten Magens und Duodenums
Obese Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes Show Different Gut Microbial Functional Capacity and Composition.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Exocrine Pancreatic Function Modulates Plasma Metabolites Through Changes in Gut Microbiota Composition.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
Nutritional management of chronic pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Immunsuppression during severe acute pancreatitis is associated with a dramatic shift in intestinal microbiota composition and infected necrosis
Genetics of human gut microbiome composition
Systematic microscopic analysis of retrieved stents from a patient with pancreatic necrosis
Effects of syntaxins 2, 3, and 4 on rat and human epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) in Xenopus laevis oocytes.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Higher Trimethylamine--Oxide Plasma Levels with Increasing Age Are Mediated by Diet and Trimethylamine-Forming Bacteria.
Toll-like receptor 1 locus re-examined in a genome-wide association study update on anti-Helicobacter pylori IgG titers
Entwicklung eines prädiktiven Modells zur frühzeitigen Detektion der infizierten Pankreasnekrose bei akuter Pankreatitis
Study protocol P-MAPS: microbiome as predictor of severity in acute pancreatitis-a prospective multicentre translational study.
Gut microbial pathways for bile acid metabolism.
Gut microbial pathways for bile acid metabolism.
Pankreas und Mikrobiom - Erkenntnisse für die Praxis
The way to infected necrosis during severe acute pancreatitis: How regulatory T-cells impact on the intestinal barrier function
The way to infected necrosis during severe acute pancreatitis: How regulatory T-cells impact on the intestinal barrier function
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Infection of (Peri-)Pancreatic Necrosis Is Associated with Increased Rates of Adverse Events during Endoscopic Drainage: A Retrospective Study.
Malnutrition Is Highly Prevalent in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis and Characterized by Loss of Skeletal Muscle Mass but Absence of Impaired Physical Function.
[The microbiome in internal medicine].
[Introduction to the microbiome].
[The role of the microbiome in diseases of the pancreas].
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.