Kühn, Jens-Peter	FIS_1130
Quantitative chemical shift-encoded MRI is an accurate method to quantify hepatic steatosis.
Characterization of the Intestinal and Hepatic Uptake/Efflux Transport of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging Contrast Agent Gadolinium-Ethoxylbenzyl-Diethylenetriamine-Pentaacetic Acid.
T1 bias in chemical shift-encoded liver fat-fraction: Role of the flip angle.
Navigator flip angle optimization for free-breathing T1-weighted hepatobiliary phase imaging with gadoxetic acid.
New Technique for Prostate Volume Assessment
Secretin-Stimulated MRCP in Volunteers: Assessment of Safety, Duct Visualization, and Pancreatic Exocrine Function.
Intragastric volume changes after intake of a high-caloric, high-fat standard breakfast in healthy human subjects investigated by MRI.
MRI-based Determination of Reference Values of Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population.
Feasibility of gadoxetate disodium-enhanced MR cholangiography in chronic cholestatic biliary disease.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Endovascular repair of arterial iliac vessel wall lesions with a self-expandable nitinol stent graft system.
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Mnk1 is a novel acinar cell-specific kinase required for exocrine pancreatic secretion and response to pancreatitis in mice.
Tracking of adipose tissue-derived progenitor cells using two magnetic nanoparticle types.
Comparative in vitro study on magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles for MRI tracking of adipose tissue-derived progenitor cells
Dronedarone does not affect infarct volume as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging in a porcine model of myocardial infarction.
Learning and inspecting classification rules from longitudinal epidemiological data to identify predictive features on hepatic steatosis.
Subpopulation Discovery in Epidemiological Data with Subspace Clustering
Alcohol Disrupts Levels and Function of the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator to Promote Development of Pancreatitis.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Thoracic Aortic Wall Thickness in a General Population
Pancreatic Steatosis Demonstrated at MR Imaging in the General Population: Clinical Relevance.
Predictors of technical success and rate of complications of image-guided percutaneous transthoracic lung needle biopsy of pulmonary tumors.
[Techniques for quantification of liver fat in risk stratification of diabetics].
Therapiemonitoring mit Perfusionsbildgebung in der Computertomographie
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
The Clinical and Socio-Economic Relevance of Increased IPMN Detection Rates and Management Choices.
Characterization of novel carcinoma cell lines for the analysis of therapeutical strategies fighting pancreatic cancer.
Chronic stress promotes neoangiogenesis in a syngenetic orthotopic mouse model of pancreatic cancer
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with a distinct fecal microbiome signature - a case control study
Does a Pancreatic Duct Aboce 3 mm Warrant Diagnostic Workup? Clues from a Population based cohort
Simultaneous magnetic resonance imaging and pharmacokinetic analysis of intramuscular depots.
Navigating the human gastrointestinal tract for oral drug delivery: Uncharted waters and new frontiers.
Quantification of liver proton-density fat fraction in 7.1T preclinical MR systems: Impact of the fitting technique.
Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
MR microscopy of the human fetal upper extremity - a proof-of-principle study.
Non-viral magnetic engineering of endothelial cells with microRNA and plasmid-DNA-An optimized targeting approach.
Erratum to: Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Bildgebung des Pankreaskarzinoms
MRI-tracking of transplanted human ASC in a SCID mouse model.
Serum chemerin is associated with inflammatory and metabolic parameters-results of a population-based study
Manufacturing and in vitro characterization of magnetized miR-modified endothelial cells/cell types for regenerative medicine
Subdiaphragmatic vagotomy promotes tumor growth and reduces survival via TNF? in a murine pancreatic cancer model.
Repeated intravenous administration of gadobutrol does not lead to increased signal intensity on unenhanced T1-weighted images-a voxel-based whole brain analysis.
Muscle Injury After Intramuscular Administration of Diclofenac: A Case Report Supported by Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Iloprost, prostaglandin E1, and papaverine relax human mesenteric arteries with similar potency.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Hydrocephalus in Adults.
Preparation and In Vitro Characterization of Magnetized miR-modified Endothelial Cells.
Pulmonary emphysema is a predictor of pneumothorax after CT-guided transthoracic pulmonary biopsies of pulmonary nodules.
Morphologic and biometric evaluation of chick embryo eyes in ovo using 7 Tesla MRI.
Linearity, Bias, and Precision of Hepatic Proton Density Fat Fraction Measurements by Using MR Imaging: A Meta-Analysis.
Metastatische Kalzifikation der Lunge – Gutartiges pulmonales Krankheitsbild bei einem Patienten mit Niereninsuffizienz.
Definition of Age dependent reference values for Diameter of the common bile duct and ancreatic duct on MRCP from a Population based cohort study
Reference values of vessel diameters, stenosis prevalence, and arterial variations of the lower limb arteries in a male population sample using contrast-enhanced MR angiography.
Prevalence of renal cysts and association with risk factors in a general population: an MRI-based study.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability of fasted state gastric fluid volume and gastric emptying of water.
Proliferative Periostitis – eine seltene Differenzialdiagnose.
The MRI Sepsis Score: An Innovative Tool for the Evaluation of Septic Peritonitis in Mice Using 7-Tesla Small Animal MRI.
What Are the Reference Values and Associated Factors for Center-edge Angle and Alpha Angle? A Population-based Study.
Reference Values of Liver Volume in Caucasian Population and Factors Influencing Liver Size
Low dose caffeine as a salivary tracer for the determination of gastric water emptying in fed and fasted state: A MRI validation study
A rare type of thyroid mass with acute dyspnea
Eine seltene Differentialdiagnose der Lungenarterienembolie
Software-based noise reduction in cranial magnetic resonance imaging: Influence on image quality.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
The Importance of Aquaporin 1 in Pancreatitis and Its Relation to the CFTR Cl Channel.
Accuracy of ultrasonography in the assessment of liver fat compared with MRI
Pancreatic Steatosis Is Associated With Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function
Characterization of the gastrointestinal transit and disintegration behavior of floating and sinking acid-resistant capsules using a novel MRI labeling technique
Associations of circulating chemerin and adiponectin concentrations with hepatic steatosis.
Cardio-protective effect of the secretome of Sca-1+ and Sca-1- cells in heart failure - not equal, but equally important?
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
Associations of a Panel of Adipokines with Fat Deposits and Metabolic Phenotypes in a General Population.
Correction to: Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate.
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
Definition of age-dependent reference values for the diameter of the common bile duct and pancreatic duct on MRCP: a population-based, cross-sectional cohort study.