Salloch S	FIS_67034
Ethical Theories: The more the better?
Reading Literary Fiction as Moral Enhancement.
Was ist ein ethisches Problem und wie finde ich es? Theoretische, methodologische und forschungspraktische Fragen der Identifikation ethischer Probleme am Beispiel einer empirisch-ethischen Interventionsstudie.
Medizin trifft Ökonomie. Werkstattbericht zu einem interprofessionellen Lehrprojekt.
Der Beitrag qualitativer Sozialforschung zur handlungsorientierenden medizinethischen Forschung. Eine Methodenreflexion am Beispiel des ETHICO-Projekts.
Same same but different: why we should care about the distinction between professionalism and ethics
Who's afraid of EBM? Medical professionalism from the perspective of evidence-based medicine
Professionals Watching TV and the Question of Moral Supererogation
Who Decides? The Autonomy of First Respondents in Initiating Out-of-Hospital CPR
Methodological reflections on the contribution of qualitative research to the evaluation of Clinical Ethics Support Services
Locum Doctors – Curse or Blessing for Hospitals?
Whose Autonomy? Which Obligations? Preserving the Right to (Professional) Self-Determination at the Margins of Viability
Discussing euthanasia in two German states: scientific terminology and public discourse in the German Democratic Republic and the Federal Republic of Germany.
Melanoma in the Shopping Mall: A Utilitarian Argument for Offering Unsolicited Medical Opinions in Informal Settings.
What does physicians’ clinical expertise contribute to oncologic decision-making? A qualitative interview study.
Der ärztliche Blick nach Dienstschluss — Blickdiagnosen außerhalb von Klinik und Praxis und ihre ethischen Fragen.
,,Etwas Menschliches ist verloren gegangen‘‘. Erfahrungen leitender Ärzte in Bezug auf das DRG-System – eine qualitativ-normative Analyse
Treatment recommendations within the leeway of clinical guidelines: A qualitative interview study on oncologists’ clinical deliberation
Ärztliche Perspektiven auf die Bedeutung von Patientenpräferenzen und die Rolle Angehöriger bei der evidenzbasierten Entscheidungsfindung – eine qualitative Interviewstudie aus der Onkologie
Unsolicited diagnosis of Mental Disorder: Epistemic and Normative Perspectives.
Locum physicians' professional ethos.  A qualitative interview study from Germany
The dual use of research ethics committees. Why professional self-governance falls short in preserving biosecurity .
Standards of practice in Empirical Bioethics research: Towards a consensus
Risiken und Fehler in der Medizin. Konzept und Evaluation eines Wahlfachs mit integrierter Vermittlung ethischer, rechtlicher und kommunikativer Kompetenzen
Ethical aspects of prognosis and the passage of time in intensive care. A qualitative triangulation
Illness and disease: an empirical-ethical viewpoint
Relationships and burden: An empirical?ethical investigation of lived experience in home nursing arrangements.
Role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and protein misfolding in disorders of the liver and pancreas
Concepts of health in long-term home care: empirical exploration and normative-ethical analysis.
The Value of Bioethical Research: A Qualitative Literature Analysis of Researchers’ Statements.
"I Want to Break Free”— German Locum Physicians Between Managerialism and Professionalism
Clinical Ethics as a Profession?
Involving patient groups in drug research. A systematic review of reasons
Ethical aspects of time in intensive care decision-making
Who cares about care? Family members as moral actors in treatment decision making
Adequacy of care provision in long?term home nursing arrangements: A triangulation of three perspectives
Gamified E-Learning in medical terminology: The TERMInator tool