Heidel, Florian H	FIS_30556
PLC?1 suppression promotes the adaptation of KRAS-mutant lung adenocarcinomas to hypoxia.
Fibrosis and Immune Cell Infiltration Are Separate Events Regulated by Cell-Specific Receptor Notch3 Expression.
Survival outcomes and clinical benefit in patients with acute myeloid leukemia treated with glasdegib and low-dose cytarabine according to response to therapy.
Hematopoietic stem and progenitor cell-restricted Cdx2 expression induces transformation to myelodysplasia and acute leukemia.
Correction: Frequency of infections in 948 MPN patients: a prospective multicenter patient-reported pilot study.
Prevalence and dynamics of clonal hematopoiesis caused by leukemia-associated mutations in elderly individuals without hematologic disorders.
Life after ruxolitinib: Reasons for discontinuation, impact of disease phase, and outcomes in 218 patients with myelofibrosis.
SIRT7: an influence factor in healthy aging and the development of age-dependent myeloid stem-cell disorders.
Risk factors for progression to blast phase and outcome in 589 patients with myelofibrosis treated with ruxolitinib: Real-world data.
SHP1 regulates a STAT6-ITGB3 axis in FLT3ITD-positive AML cells.
Distinct effects of ruxolitinib and interferon-alpha on murine JAK2V617F myeloproliferative neoplasm hematopoietic stem cell populations.
Interferon alpha for essential thrombocythemia during 34 high-risk pregnancies: outcome and safety.
Activating JAK-mutations confer resistance to FLT3 kinase inhibitors in FLT3-ITD positive AML in vitro and in vivo.
Splicing factor YBX1 mediates persistence of JAK2-mutated neoplasms.
Second primary malignancy in myelofibrosis patients treated with ruxolitinib.
Molecular Mechanisms of Resistance to FLT3 Inhibitors in Acute Myeloid Leukemia: Ongoing Challenges and Future Treatments.
A JAK of all trades: how global phosphoproteomics reveal the Achilles heel of MPNs.
Ruxolitinib rechallenge in resistant or intolerant patients with myelofibrosis: Frequency, therapeutic effects, and impact on outcome.
The Genomic Landscape of Myeloid Malignancies: Options for Pan-myeloid Therapies?
Impact of comorbidities and body mass index on the outcome of polycythemia vera patients.
Molecular Mechanisms of Senescence and Implications for the Treatment of Myeloid Malignancies.
Ruxolitinib discontinuation syndrome: incidence, risk factors, and management in 251 patients with myelofibrosis.
Kidney Dysfunction Is Associated with Thrombosis and Disease Severity in Myeloproliferative Neoplasms: Implications from the German Study Group for MPN Bioregistry.
Significance of BK Polyomavirus in Long-Term Survivors after Adult Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation.
YBX1 mediates translation of oncogenic transcripts to control cell competition in AML.
Immunoproteasome Function in Normal and Malignant Hematopoiesis.
The Role of MacroH2A Histone Variants in Cancer.
Cytoreductive treatment in real life: a chart review analysis on 1440 patients with polycythemia vera.
PLCG1 is required for AML1-ETO leukemia stem cell self-renewal.
Modulation of FLT3-ITD Localization and Targeting of Distinct Downstream Signaling Pathways as Potential Strategies to Overcome FLT3-Inhibitor Resistance.
Recurrent Upper Gastrointestinal Bleeding from Isolated Gastric Varices as Primary Symptom of Myelofibrosis: A Case Report on Combining Interventional and Pharmacologic Treatment Options.
Histone demethylase KDM4C is a functional dependency in JAK2-mutated neoplasms.
Real-world clinical outcomes of patients with myelofibrosis treated with ruxolitinib: a medical record review.
Peripheral blasts are associated with responses to ruxolitinib and outcomes in patients with chronic-phase myelofibrosis.
Context-specific effects of NOX4 inactivation in acute myeloid leukemia (AML).
Combined Activity of the Redox-Modulating Compound Setanaxib (GKT137831) with Cytotoxic Agents in the Killing of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Cells.
A Phase Ib Dose-finding Study of Panobinostat and Ruxolitinib in Myelofibrosis.
Taz protects hematopoietic stem cells from an aging-dependent decrease in PU.1 activity.
Dynamic DNA methylation reveals novel cis-regulatory elements in mouse hematopoiesis.
Breakthrough infections in MPN-COVID vaccinated patients.
Efficacy and safety of ruxolitinib in patients with newly-diagnosed polycythemia vera: futility analysis of the RuxoBEAT clinical trial of the GSG-MPN study group.
Comparison of inpatient and outpatient palliative sedation practice - A prospective observational study.
Rhabdomyolysis induced by nelarabine.
Significance of men's health in long-term survivors of allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Antiseptic efficacy of two mouth rinses in the oral cavity to identify a suitable rinsing solution in radiation- or chemotherapy induced mucositis
Pomalidomide combinations are a safe and effective option after daratumumab failure.
Clinicohematologic and molecular response of essential thrombocythemia patients treated with pegylated interferon-?: a multi-center study of the German Study Group-Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (GSG-MPN).
Cre recombinase expression cooperates with homozygous FLT3 internal tandem duplication knockin mouse model to induce acute myeloid leukemia.
Diagnosis and treatment of MPN in real life: exploratory and retrospective chart review including 960 MPN patients diagnosed with ET or MF in Germany.
Molecular-defined clonal evolution in patients with classical myeloproliferative neoplasms.
Determinants of Covid19 disease and of survival after Covid19 in MPN patients treated with ruxolitinib.
Ruxolitinib in cytopenic myelofibrosis: Response, toxicity, drug discontinuation, and outcome.
Roles of JAK2 in Aging, Inflammation, Hematopoiesis and Malignant Transformation.