Petersmann, Astrid	FIS_1432
Das interdisziplinäre Liquorlabor
Optimizing centrifugation of coagulation samples in laboratory automation.
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Diagnosis of late presenting subarachnoid hemorrhage: Comparison of methods for cerebrospinal fluid ferritin
Tolerance of platelet concentrates treated with UVC-light only for pathogen reduction - a phase I clinical trial.
The impact of noninvasive, capillary, and venous hemoglobin screening on donor deferrals and the hemoglobin content of red blood cells concentrates: a prospective study.
Cell Specific eQTL Analysis without Sorting Cells.
Discrepant post filter ionized calcium concentrations by common blood gas analyzers in CRRT using regional citrate anticoagulation.
Auswertung Interner Qualitätskontrollen: Vergleich zwischen der Rili-BÄK und den 1:2s und 1:3s-Westgard Regeln
Kennen Sie Ihr Labor? Ein Weg zur Selbstbewertung in medizinischen Laboratorien nach dem EFQM-Modell
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Serum vitamin B12 is Inversely Associated with Periodontal Progression and Risk of Tooth Loss: A prospective Cohort Study
Exome Genotyping Identifies Pleiotropic Variants Associated with Red Blood Cell Traits.
Novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci implicated in epigenetic regulation.
Impact of physical activity of individuals and creatine kinase on 99th percentiles of troponin I assays.
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Long-term stability of glucose: 96-h study using Terumo Glycaemia tubes
Auricular acupuncture vs. progressive muscle relaxation and no intervention for exam anxiety in medical students – A randomized controlled trial with non-randomized condition
Analytical robustness of nine common assays: frequency of outliers and extreme differences identified by a large number of duplicate measurements.
The 99th percentile and imprecision of point-of-care cardiac troponin I in comparison to central laboratory tests in a large reference population
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Periodontitis and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, a population-based cohort investigation in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Diagnostic performance of point-of-care and central laboratory cardiac troponin assays in an emergency department
Does periodontitis affect diabetes incidence and haemoglobin A1c change? An 11-year follow-up study.
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus
Comprehensive Metabolic Profiling Reveals a Lipid-rich Fingerprint of Free Thyroxine Far Beyond Classical Parameters.
High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin T: Association of Creatine Kinase Catalytic Activity With the 99 Percentile.
Definition, classification and diagnostics of diabetes mellitus.
Long-term stability of glucose: glycolysis inhibitor vs. gel barrier tubes.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
External quality assessment schemes for glucose measurements in Germany: factors for successful participation, analytical performance and medical impact.
Auricular acupuncture for treatment of preoperative anxiety in patients scheduled for ambulatory gynaecological surgery: a prospective controlled investigation with a non-randomised arm
Kappa free light chains in cerebrospinal fluid to identify patients with oligoclonal bands.
Impact of Glucose Measuring Systems and Sample Type on Diagnosis Rates of Diabetes Mellitus.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus
Associations of Mitochondrial and Nuclear Mitochondrial Variants and Genes with Seven Metabolic Traits.
Messqualität von „low density lipoprotein cholesterol“
Effect of Periodontal Treatment on HbA1c among Patients with Prediabetes.
Preventing misdiagnosis of diabetes in the elderly: age-dependent HbA1c reference intervals derived from two population-based study cohorts.
Mean platelet volume is more important than age for defining reference intervals of platelet counts.
Verbesserte Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus. Eine interdisziplinäre Praxisempfehlung.
Effects of Calcium, Magnesium, and Potassium Concentrations on Ventricular Repolarization in Unselected Individuals.
Mendelian randomization evaluation of causal effects of fibrinogen on incident coronary heart disease.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes mellitus
Decreased plasma phospholipid concentrations and increased acid sphingomyelinase activity are accurate biomarkers for community-acquired pneumonia.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
Do pneumatic tube transport systems transmit potential pathogens? A hygienic risk assessment in a University hospital
Measurement Uncertainty Impacts Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus: Reliable Minimal Difference of Plasma Glucose Results.
Relevant criteria for the selection of cryotubes. Experiences from the German National Cohort
Integrated biobanks facilitate high-quality collection and analysis of liquid biomaterials
Measurement repeatability profiles of eight frequently requested measurands in clinical chemistry determined by duplicate measurements of patient samples.
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel blood pressure loci.
The Integrated Research Biobank of the University Medicine Greifswald
Is the Obesity Paradox in Type 2 Diabetes Due to Artefacts of Biases? An Analysis of Pooled Cohort Data from the Heinz Nixdorf Recall Study and the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Effect of periodontal therapy on adipokine biomarkers in overweight.
Auricular stimulation vs. expressive writing for exam anxiety in medical students - A randomized crossover investigation.
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus: Update 2020
Disregarded Measurement Uncertainty Contributions and Their Magnitude in Measuring Plasma Glucose.
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
Kappa Free Light Chains in the Context of Blood Contamination, and Other IgA- and IgM-Related Cerebrospinal Fluid Disease Pattern
Definition, classification and diagnosis of diabetes mellitus: update 2020.
Relative Efficacy of Different Strategies for Inhibition of in Vitro Glycolysis.
Messunsicherheit und Minimale Differenz bei Diagnosestellung und Kontrolle des Therapieverlaufs des Diabetes mellitus. Wie tauglich ist die Labormessung?
Identification of Functional Genetic Determinants of Cardiac Troponin T and I in a Multiethnic Population and Causal Associations With Atrial Fibrillation
NT-proBNP as a marker for atrial fibrillation and heart failure in four observational outpatient trials.
Association of adolescent lipoprotein subclass profile with carotid intima-media thickness and comparison to adults: Prospective population-based cohort studies.
Glukosemessung in der Diabetesdiagnostik und -therapie: Laboratoriumsmedizinische Untersuchung inkl. patientennaher Sofortdiagnostik, Blutglukoseselbstmessung und kontinuierliches Glukosemonitoring.
Definition, Klassifikation und Diagnostik des Diabetes mellitus: Update 2021
[Analytical Quality of Glucose Measurements in Germany].
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Evaluation of the AFIAS-1 thyroid-stimulating hormone point of care test and comparison with laboratory-based devices.
Evaluation of a pneumatic tube system carrier prototype with fixing mechanism allowing for automated unloading.
Definition, Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus.
Relative Wirksamkeit verschiedener Vorgehensweisen zur Hemmung der in-vitro-Glykolyse
Biomarker-based prediction of fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with diabetes mellitus.