Kindler S	FIS_1955
Head and neck Cancer treatment and physical plasma
Induction of proliferation of basal epidermal keratinocytes by cold atmospheric-pressure plasma.
Triterpenes for Well-Balanced Scar Formation in Superficial Wounds
Qualitätssicherung in Laser- und Plasmamedizin
Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Jet Application on Human Oral Mucosa Modulates Tissue Regeneration
Qualitätssicherung in Laser- und Plasmamedizin - Photonische Gesundheitstechnologie
Einschätzung von Mundschleimhautbefunden in der Praxis
Association Between Symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Signs of Temporomandibular Disorders in the General Population.
Clinical Application of a 3D-Surface Scan to Evaluate Alveolar Ridge Volume Changes After Implant Placement And Lateral Augmentation With BoneCeramic
Notfälle im Mund-Kiefer-Gesichtsbereich
Third Molars And Periodontal Damage Of Second Molars In The General Population.
Wundmanagement – Biologie und Störung der Wundheilung
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
New Insights in the Link Between Malocclusion and Periodontal Disease.
Association of anthropometric markers with globe position: A population-based MRI study
Do Third Molars Contribute to Systemic Inflammation? Results from A Population-Based Study from Northeast Germany
Wound management-biology and wound healing disorders
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
Are Third Molars Associated With Orofacial Pain? Findings From the SHIP Study
Prevalence and risk factors of potentially malignant disorders of the mucosa in the general population: Mucosa lesions a general health problem?
Prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies among dental teams in Germany
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Impact of dental restorations and removable prostheses on potentially malignant oral mucosal disorders in the general population