Hosten, Norbert	FIS_2229
Quantitative chemical shift-encoded MRI is an accurate method to quantify hepatic steatosis.
Characterization of the Intestinal and Hepatic Uptake/Efflux Transport of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging Contrast Agent Gadolinium-Ethoxylbenzyl-Diethylenetriamine-Pentaacetic Acid.
The ENIGMA Consortium: large-scale collaborative analyses of neuroimaging and genetic data.
Ophthalmic magnetic resonance imaging at 7 T using a 6-channel transceiver radiofrequency coil array in healthy subjects and patients with intraocular masses.
Comparison of parameter threshold combinations for diffusion tensor tractography in chronic stroke patients and healthy subjects.
Current Smoking and Reduced Gray Matter Volume - a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Intra-arterial and intravenous applications of Iosimenol 340 injection, a new non-ionic, dimeric, iso-osmolar radiographic contrast medium: phase 2 experience.
Feasibility of gadoxetate disodium-enhanced MR cholangiography in chronic cholestatic biliary disease.
High spatial resolution in vivo magnetic resonance imaging of the human eye, orbit, nervus opticus and optic nerve sheath at 7.0 Tesla.
Whole-body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the German National Cohort: Rationale, Design and Technical Background
Endovascular repair of arterial iliac vessel wall lesions with a self-expandable nitinol stent graft system.
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Gd-EOB-DTPA-Enhanced MR Guidance in Thermal Ablation of Liver Malignancies.
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Pancreatic Steatosis Demonstrated at MR Imaging in the General Population: Clinical Relevance.
Predictors of technical success and rate of complications of image-guided percutaneous transthoracic lung needle biopsy of pulmonary tumors.
Comparing perfusion CT evaluation algorithms for predicting outcome after endovascular treatment in anterior circulation ischaemic stroke.
MRI in multiple sclerosis: an intra-individual, randomized and multicentric comparison of gadobutrol with gadoterate meglumine at 3 T.
Integrative teaching in radiology - a survey.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Quantitative, Organ-Specific Interscanner and Intrascanner Variability for 3 T Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Multicenter, Multivendor Study.
ENIGMA and the Individual: Predicting Factors that Affect the Brain in 35 Countries Worldwide.
Grenzenlos Netzwerken
Ganzkörperdiagnostik - Kohortenstudien in der Strahlenforschung
Pomerania - Grenzenlos Netzwerken: Deutsch-polnisches Telemedizinprojekt in der Euroration Pomerania
Telemedizin in der grenzüberschreitenden Gesundheitsversorgung am Beispiel transnationaler Teleradiologie
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Subinternship in Radiology - A Practical Start to the Specialization?
Cephalometric Assessment of Craniofacial Structures in Patients with Cleft Lip and Palate
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Muscle Injury After Intramuscular Administration of Diclofenac: A Case Report Supported by Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Predicting brain structure in population-based samples with biologically informed genetic scores for schizophrenia.
Tolerability, response and outcome of high-risk neuroblastoma patients treated with long-term infusion of anti-GD2 antibody ch14.18/CHO
Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Enlarged perivascular spaces and cognition: A meta-analysis of 5 population-based studies.
Correction to: Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
High Thyrotropin Is Associated with Reduced Hippocampal Volume in a Population-Based Study from Germany
Neandertal Introgression Sheds Light on Modern Human Endocranial Globularity
Physically active life style is associated with increased grey matter brain volume in a medial parieto-frontal network
The so-called “ bovine aortic arch ” : a possible biomarker for embolic strokes?
Reference values for the cervical spinal canal and the vertebral bodies by MRI in a general population
Reference values for the cervical spinal canal and the vertebral bodies by MRI in a general population
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Telemedicine: Can In-Person Pre-treatment Communication be Expanded by Video Consultation?
Identifying communication-related predictors of patient satisfaction in a briefing prior to contrast-enhanced computed tomography
Complexity of PEComas : Diagnostic approach, molecular background, clinical management
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
ENIGMA and global neuroscience: A decade of large-scale studies of the brain in health and disease across more than 40 countries.
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Income is associated with hippocampal/amygdala and education with cingulate cortex  grey matter volume.
Associations between Sleep Apnoea and Advanced Brain Ageing in a Large-Scale Population Study.
Subcortical shape alterations in major depressive disorder: Findings from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group
Brain aging in major depressive disorder: results from the ENIGMA major depressive disorder working group.
Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders : Evidence through univariate and multivariate mega-analysis including 6420 participants from the ENIGMA MDD working group
Greater male than female variability in regional brain structure across the lifespan
Retrospective Cohort Study of Frequency and Patterns of Orbital Injuries on Whole-Body CT with Maxillofacial Multi-Slice CT
A deep cascaded segmentation of obstructive sleep apnea-relevant organs from sagittal spine MRI.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Subcortical volumes across the lifespan: Data from 18,605 healthy individuals aged 3-90?years
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Project Report on Telemedicine: What We Learned about the Administration and Development of a Binational Digital Infrastructure Project
The Accuracy of On-Call CT Reporting in Teleradiology Networks in Comparison to In-House Reporting
Correction: Brain structural abnormalities in obesity: relation to age, genetic risk, and common psychiatric disorders
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Circulating Metabolome and White Matter Hyperintensities in Women and Men.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor, Inflammation, and MRI Markers of Alzheimer's Disease in Predominantly Middle-Aged Adults.
Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Large Population-Based German National Cohort Study: Predictive Capability of Automated Image Quality Assessment for Protocol Repetitions.
Vitamin D deficit is associated with accelerated brain aging in the general population.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.
Trauma to the Eye: Diffusion Restriction on MRI as a Surrogate Marker for Blindness.
Analysis of volume and topography of adipose tissue in the trunk: Results of MRI of 11,141 participants in the German National Cohort.
Quantitative Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Neuroblastoma.
Quantitative Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Neuroblastoma.
Spacer-Supported Thermal Ablation to Prevent Carbonisation and Improve Ablation Size: A Proof of Concept Study.