Jedlitschky, Gabriele	FIS_822
St. John's Wort Reduces Beta-Amyloid Accumulation in a Double Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model-Role of P-Glycoprotein.
Targeting CNS Transporters for Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Characterization of the Intestinal and Hepatic Uptake/Efflux Transport of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging Contrast Agent Gadolinium-Ethoxylbenzyl-Diethylenetriamine-Pentaacetic Acid.
In vitro Models of the Human Blood-Brain Barrier and the Impact of Efflux Transporters on Neurological Disorders: The Work of Cioni et al. (2012).
cAMP regulates expression of the cyclic nucleotide transporter MRP4 (ABCC4) through the EPAC pathway.
Glutathione-conjugated sulfanylalkanols are substrates for ABCC11 and ?-glutamyl transferase 1: a potential new pathway for the formation of odorant precursors in the apocrine sweat gland.
Sphingosine-1-Phosphate and Its Receptors: A Mutual Link between Blood Coagulation and Inflammation.
Functional characterization of common protein variants in the efflux transporter ABCC11 and identification of T546M as functionally damaging variant.
Expression of Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 1A2 in Red Blood Cells and Its Potential Impact on Antimalarial Therapy.
Doxorubicin enhances oxysterol levels resulting in a LXR-mediated upregulation of cardiac cholesterol transporters.
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
Release of Platelet-Derived Sphingosine-1-Phosphate Involves Multidrug Resistance Protein 4 (MRP4/ABCC4) and Is Inhibited by Statins
Functional variants of OCTN transporter genes are associated with total and LDL cholesterol in a body mass-dependent manner
Neurosteroid Transport in the Brain: Role of ABC and SLC Transporters.
Functionel variants of carnitine transporter genes are associated with periodontitis and edentulism related to cholesterol and obesity
The Role of Platelets in Cancer Pathophysiology: Focus on Malignant Glioma.
Lack of the multidrug transporter MRP4/ABCC4 defines the PEL-negative blood group and impairs platelet aggregation.
Tooth loss and adiposity: possible role of carnitine transporter (OCTN1/2) polymorphisms in women but not in men.
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
PIM1 Inhibition Affects Glioblastoma Stem Cell Behavior and Kills Glioblastoma Stem-like Cells
Specific inhibition of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 affects multiple signaling pathways and thrombus formation in human platelets.
Platelet-Derived S1P and Its Relevance for the Communication with Immune Cells in Multiple Human Diseases
In vitro validation of an in vivo phenotyping drug cocktail for major drug transporters in humans.