Grothe M	FIS_25889
Brain atrophy in primary progressive aphasia involves the cholinergic basal forebrain and Ayala's nucleus
Association of a neurokinin 3 receptor polymorphism with the anterior basal forebrain.
Contribution of the Cholinergic System to Verbal Memory Performance in Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Hippocampal volume and integrity as predictors of cognitive decline in intact elderly.
Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative. Association Between Smoking and Cholinergic Basal Forebrain Volume in Healthy Aging and Prodromal and Dementia Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Measuring Cortical Connectivity in Alzheimer's Disease as a Brain Neural Network Pathology: Toward Clinical Applications.
Hippocampus Study Group.Predictors of cognitive decline and treatment response in a clinical trial on suspected prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Output order and variability in free recall are linked to cognitive ability and hippocampal volume in elderly individuals.
Spatial patterns of atrophy, hypometabolism, and amyloid deposition in Alzheimer's disease correspond to dissociable functional brain networks.
Cognitive Correlates of Basal Forebrain Atrophy and Associated Cortical Hypometabolism in Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Does posterior cingulate hypometabolism result from disconnection or local pathology across preclinical and clinical stages of Alzheimer's disease?
Basal Forebrain and Hippocampus as Predictors of Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment - A Multicenter DTI and Volumetry Study.
The relationship between CSF tau markers, hippocampal volume and delayed primacy performance in cognitively intact elderly individuals.
The relative importance of imaging markers for the prediction of Alzheimer's disease dementia in mild cognitive impairment - Beyond classical regression.
Training labels for hippocampal segmentation based on the EADC-ADNI harmonized hippocampal protocol.
Cholinergic basal forebrain structure influences the reconfiguration of white matter connections to support residual memory in mild cognitive impairment.
Multimodal analysis of functional and structural disconnection in Alzheimer's disease using multiple kernel SVM.
Atrophy of the cholinergic basal forebrain in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease dementia.
A study on the specificity of the association between hippocampal volume and delayed primacy performance in cognitively intact elderly individuals.
Atrophy and structural covariance of the cholinergic basal forebrain in primary progressive aphasia.
PETPVE12: an SPM toolbox for Partial Volume Effects correction in brain PET - Application to amyloid imaging with AV45-PET.
Impairments in Walking Ability, Dexterity, and Cognitive Function in Multiple Sclerosis Are Associated with Different Regional Cerebellar Gray Matter Loss
Reduced basal forebrain atrophy progression in a randomized Donepezil trial in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Cortical amyloid accumulation is associated with alterations of structural integrity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
Basal forebrain mediated increase in brain CRF is associated with increased cholinergic tone and depression.
Does Functional Connectivity Provide a Marker for Cognitive Rehabilitation Effects in Alzheimer's Disease? An Interventional Study.
Robust Detection of Impaired Resting State Functional Connectivity Networks in Alzheimer's Disease Using Elastic Net Regularized Regression.
Multicenter stability of resting state fMRI in the detection of Alzheimer's disease and amnestic MCI.
Multimodal characterization of older APOE2 carriers reveals selective reduction of amyloid load.
Molecular properties underlying regional vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Magnetic resonance imaging-based hippocampus volume for prediction of dementia in mild cognitive impairment: Why does the measurement method matter so little?
In vivo staging of regional amyloid deposition.
No association of cortical amyloid load and EEG connectivity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
Mean diffusivity in cortical gray matter in Alzheimer's disease: The importance of partial volume correction.
In vivo cholinergic basal forebrain atrophy predicts cognitive decline in de novo Parkinson's disease.