Bahls, Thomas	FIS_19842
MOSAIC. A modular approach to data management in epidemiological studies.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
A workflow-driven approach to integrate generic software modules in a Trusted Third Party
Data privacy management and data quality monitoring in the German Centre for Cardiovascular Research’s multicenter TranslatiOnal Registry for CardiomyopatHies (DZHK-TORCH)
mosaicQA. A general approach to facilitate basic data quality assurance for epidemiological research.
Toolbox for Research, or How to facilitate a central data management in small-scale research projects.
MAGIC: once upon a time in consent management-a FHIR tale.
Record Linkage: Optionen für standortübergreifende Datenzusammenführungen
Assessment of scalability and performance of the record linkage tool E-PIX® in managing multi-million patients in research projects at a large university hospital in Germany
Establishing an Interoperable Clinical Trial Information System Within MIRACUM.
The generic Informed Consent Service gICS®: implementation and benefits of a modular consent software tool to master the challenge of electronic consent management in research
Designing and Piloting Generic Research Architecture and Workflows to Unlock German Primary Care
A survey on the current status and future perspective of informed consent management in the MIRACUM consortium of the German Medical Informatics Initiative
Sekundäre Nutzung von hausärztlichen Routinedaten ist machbar – Bericht vom RADAR Projekt
A FHIR® has been lit on gICS® – Facilitating the standardized exchange of informed consents in a large network of university medicine (NUM) in pandemic research
Federated Trusted Third Party as an approach for Privacy Preserving Record Linkage in a large Network of University Medicines in pandemic Research
3LGM2IHE: Requirements for data-protection-compliant research infrastructures. A systematic comparison of theory and practice-oriented implementation
Advanced nursing practice and interprofessional dementia care (InDePendent): Study protocol for a multi-center, cluster-randomized, controlled interventional trial
The COVID-19 Data Exchange Platform of the German University Medicine.
We Know What You Agreed To, Don't We?—Evaluating the Quality of Paper-Based Consents Forms and Their Digitalized Equivalent Using the Example of the Baltic Fracture Competence Centre Project
The DZHK research platform: maximisation of scientific value by enabling access to health data and biological samples collected in cardiovascular clinical studies