Markus, Marcello Ricardo Paulista	FIS_2092
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
Angiopoietin-2, its soluble receptor Tie-2 and subclinical cardiovascular disease in a population-based sample
Genetic association study of QT interval highlights role for calcium signaling pathways in myocardial repolarization.
Genetic association study of QT interval highlights role for calcium signaling pathways in myocardial repolarization.
Light to Moderate Alcohol Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Aortic Valve Sclerosis: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Light to Moderate Alcohol Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Aortic Valve Sclerosis: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Changes of individual perception in psychosocial stressors related to German reunification in 1989/1990 and cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular diseases in a population-based study in East Germany.
Association of Serum Thyrotropin with Anthropometric Markers of Obesity in the General Population.
Relation of Early and Late Stages of Glucose Metabolism Disturbances With Left Ventricular Geometry and Function: Are Sugar Kisses Bad for the Heart?
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Hyperthyroxinemia is positively associated with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in two population-based samples from Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Prediabetes is associated with microalbuminuria, reduced kidney function and chronic kidney disease in the general population: The KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) F4-Study.
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Evaluation of a new equation for LDL-c estimation and prediction of death by cardiovascular related events in a German population-based study cohort.
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
Changes in fat mass and fat-free-mass are associated with incident hypertension in four population-based studies from Germany.
Regional differences of macrovascular disease in Northeast and South Germany: the population-based SHIP-TREND and KORA-F4 studies.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Educational Level, But Not Income or Area Deprivation, is Related to Macrovascular Disease: Results from Two Population-based Cohorts in Germany
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Association between thyroid function and assessment of hepatic fat and iron contents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate and vascular disease in the general population
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Insufficient physical activity and multimorbidity was associated with low physical functional performance in older adults: a cross-sectional study
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)