Eisenschenk, Andreas	FIS_26958
The palmar approach for PIP-arthroplasty according to Simmen: results after 8 years follow-up.
Cine MRI: a new approach to the diagnosis of scapholunate dissociation.
Editorial Obere Extremität
Accuracy of simple plain radiographic signs and measures to diagnose acute scapholunate ligament injuries of the wrist.
Anwendung eines semiokklusiven Fingerverbandes bei offenen Wunden in der Handchirurgie
Abhängigkeit des subjektiven, objektiven und sozioökonomischen Outcomes in einer spezialisierten Handrehabilitation vom Beginn der Rehabilitation bei unterschiedlichen Diagnosen
Schwere Komplexverletzungen des Karpus - Inzidenz und operative Therapie
Flexor tendon surgery
Rehabilitation after flexor tendon injuries of the hand
Begutachtung der neuen Berufserkrankung Karpaltunnelsyndrom BK 2113
[Diagnosis of the scaphoid bone : Fractures, nonunion, circulation, perfusion].
[Scaphoid pseudarthrosis : Indications for avascular iliac crest or radius bone grafts].
[Pedicled vascularized bone graft for scaphoid reconstruction after Zaidemberg].
[The scaphoid and rheumatoid arthritis : Classification by retrospective X?ray analysis].
Das Skaphoid
Jetzt erst recht!
Paresen des N. radialis bei Humerusschaftfrakturen
Ausgewählte akute Finger-, Mittelhand- und Handgelenkverletzungen im Profisport
Diagnostik und Therapie perilunärer Luxationen und Luxationsfrakturen
Endoskopie in der Hand- und Ellenbogenchirurgie Teil II Weichteilendoskopie
Traumatische Läsionen des Plexus brachialis
Factors affecting time off work in patients with traumatic hand injuries-A bio-psycho-social perspective.
[Arthrodesis of the proximal interphalangeal joint - a review]
Biomechanical comparison of the proximal interphalangeal joint arthrodesis using a compression wire
Superselective angiography of the wrist in patients with Kienbock's disease
Freie Fibulatransplantation zur knöchernen Rekonstruktion an der oberen Extremität
Single versus dual Kirschner wires for closed reduction and intramedullary nailing of displaced fractures of the fifth metacarpal neck (1-2 KiWi): a randomized controlled trial.
Proximal interphalangeal joint arthrodesis using a compression wire: A comparative biomechanical studyArthrodèse de l’articulation interphalangienne proximale par un fil de compression : étude comparative biomécanique
Clinical and radiological follow-up after free vascularised fibula transplantation for bone defects of the upper extremity with MRI and MR-angiography
„Hand in Hand“ – Weltkongress der Handtherapie und Handchirurgie in Berlin
Detection of fractures of hand and forearm in whole-body CT for suspected polytrauma in intubated patients
[Pedicled vascularized iliac bone graft for treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head].
What is the Diagnostic Accuracy of Flat-panel Cone-beam CT Arthrography for Diagnosis of Scapholuate Ligament Tears?
Comparison of Calculated Skin Doses in Cineradiography and Four Dimensional Kinematic Computed Tomography of the Wrist
Study of Medical Ultrasound for Rhizarthrosis (SUR): Study protocol of a randomized controlled single-center pilot-trial.
Rezidiv einer septischen Arthritis des Handgelenks durch Pseudomonas aeruginosa bei Besiedelung eines zentral-venösen Verweilkatheters.
Results of a special interdisciplinary hand therapy program for work-related injuries
Pedicled vascularized iliac bone graft for treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head
What Is the Diagnostic Accuracy of Flat-panel Cone-beam CT Arthrography for Diagnosis of Scapholunate Ligament Tears?
Increase of weight-bearing capacity of patients with lesions of the TFCC using a wrist brace
[Input of the start on the result of a special interdisciplinary rehabilitation program for work-related injuries of the hand]
Detection of missed fractures of hand and forearm in whole-body CT in a blinded reassessment
[Septic Arthritis of the Hand and Wrist].
[Osteitis/Osteomyelitis of the Hand and Wrist].
Incidence and underreporting of osseous wrist and hand injuries on whole-body computed tomographies at a level 1 trauma center.
[Arthrodesis of the distal interphalangeal Joint - a literature Review]
[Arthrodesis of the distal interphalangeal Joint - a literature Review].
Increase of weight-bearing capacity of patients with lesions of the TFCC using a wrist brace.
Arthrodesis of the Proximal Interphalangeal Joint of the Finger-A Biomechanical Study of Primary Stability.
Intramedullary Single-Kirschner-Wire Fixation in Displaced Fractures of the Fifth Metacarpal Neck (Boxer's Fracture).
Superselective Catheter Angiographies of the Wrist (SCAW): Approaches for Vascularized Bone Grafts.