Lendeckel, Uwe	FIS_2249
PPAR-Gamma activation limits angiotensin II -mediated arial remodeling: One drug fits all AF patients?
Long-term culture and functionality of pancreatic islets monitored using miroelectrode arrays
Atrial Calpains: Mediators of Atrialmyopathies in Atrial Fibrillation
Dronedarone does not affect infarct volume as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging in a porcine model of myocardial infarction.
Atrial fibrillation and rapid acute pacing regulate adipocyte/adipositas-related gene Expression in the atria
The European Network for Translational Research in Atrial Fibrillation (EUTRAF): Objectives and Initial Results
Effects of NOS deficiency on the Expression of ADAM12 in the brain of aging mice
Redox control of cardiac remodeling in atrial fibrillation
Atrial fibrillation is associated with the fibrotic remodeling of adipose tissue in the subepicardium of human and sheep atria
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
The mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin is involved in the Regulation of T-cell profileration
The Angiotensin-(1-7)/Mas axis improves pancreatic ß-cell function in vitro and in vivo
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
Insulin-regulated aminopeptidase immunoreactivity is abundantly present in human Hypothalamus and posterior pituitary gland, with reduced Expression in paraventricular and suprachiasmatic Neurons in chronic schizophrenia
Structuring (right) atrial fibrillation: location matters.
Urinary Angiotensinogen and Renin Excretion are Associated with Chronic Kidney Disease.
The LXR Ligand T0901317 acultely inhibits Insulin secreation by affecting mitochondrial metabolism
Protective regulation of the ACE2/ACE gene Expression by oestrogen in human atrial tissue from elderly men
CREM-transgene mice: An animal model of atrial fibrillation and thrombegenesis
Identification of miR-16 as an endogenous reference gene for the normalization of urinary exosomal miRNA expression data from CKD patients
Proteomics and transcriptomics in atrial fibrillation.
Effects of siRNA-dependent knock-down of cardiolipin synthase and tafazzin on mitochondria and proliferation of glioma cells
BDNF: mRNA Expression in urine cells of patients with chronic kidney disease and its role in kidney function
Intergration of "Omics" Techniques: Dronedarone Affects Cardiac Remodeling in the Infarction Border Zone.
Tafazzin-dependent cardiolipin composition in C6 glioma cells correlates with changes in mitochondrial and cellular functions and cellular proliferation
Highlight article: Vitamin B6 deficiency in new born rats affects hepatic cardiolipin composition and oxidative phosphorylation
Proliferation of C6 glioma cells requires the phospholipid remodeling enzyme tafazzin independent of cardiolipin composition.
MiR-21 is up-regulated in urinary exosomes of chronic kidney disease patients and after glomerular injury.
The acid-base and redox properties of menaquinone MK-4, MK-7, and MK-9 (vitamin K2) in DMPC monolayers on mercury
From putative brain tumor marker to high cognitive abilities: Emerging roles of a disintegrin and metalloprotease (ADAM) 12 in the brain
Possible New Strategies for the Treatment of Congenital Hyperinsulinism.
The effects of the chemical environment of menaquinones in lipid monolayers on mercury electrodes on the thermodynamics and kinetics of their electrochemistry.
Expression of canonical transient receptor potential channels in U-2 OS and MNNG-HOS osteosarcoma cell lines.
WNT signaling in atrial fibrillation.
Atrial Cardiomyopathy: Pathophysiology and Clinical Consequences
Macrophages: shapes and functions
Potentially inappropriate medication in patients with chronic kidney disease and elderly patients.
Re-Expression of Tafazzin Isoforms in TAZ-Deficient C6 Glioma Cells Restores Cardiolipin Composition but Not Proliferation Rate and Alterations in Gene Expression
Anti-inflammatory effects of endothelin receptor blockade in left atrial tissue of spontaneously hypertensive rats
Comorbid Depression and Diabetes Are Associated with Impaired Health-Related Quality of Life in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients.
Redox-Regulation in Cancer Stem Cells
The Role of the Ectopeptidase APN/CD13 in Cancer
Corrigendum: Re-expression of tafazzin isoforms in TAZ-deficient C6 glioma cells restores cardiolipin composition but not proliferation rate and alterations in gene expression.