Schmidt F	FIS_1834
Labeling of the pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus with gold or ferric oxide-core nanoparticles highlights new capabilities for investigation of host-pathogen interactions.
Quantitative Proteomics in the field of Microbiology
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
Activation of the alternative sigma factor SigB of Staphylococcus aureus following internalization by epithelial cells - an in vivo proteomics perspective.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Altered immune proteome of Staphylococcus aureus under iron-restricted growth conditions.
Quantitative proteomics in the field of microbiology
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
A peptide resource for the analysis of Staphylococcus aureus in host-pathogen interaction studies.
Shotgun proteome analysis of Bordetella pertussis reveals a distinct influence of iron availability on the bacterial metabolism, virulence, and defense response
The Proteome of the Isolated Chlamydia trachomatis Containing Vacuole Reveals a Complex Trafficking Platform Enriched for Retromer Components.
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Specific serum IgG at diagnosis of Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream invasion is correlated with disease progression.
reSpect: Software for Identification of High and Low Abundance Ion Species in Chimeric Tandem Mass Spectra
Staphylococcus aureus Transcriptome Architecture: From Laboratory to Infection-Mimicking Conditions.
Exome Genotyping Identifies Pleiotropic Variants Associated with Red Blood Cell Traits.
Staphylococcal serine protease-like proteins are pacemakers of allergic airway reactions to Staphylococcus aureus.
Proteome analysis of Bordetella pertussis isolated from human macrophages.
Alternative fluorescent labeling strategies for characterizing gram-positive pathogenic bacteria: Flow cytometry supported counting, sorting, and proteome analysis of Staphylococcus aureus retrieved from infected host cells.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
Proteome data from a host-pathogen interaction study with Staphylococcus aureus and human lung epithelial cells.
Adaptive immune response to lipoproteins of Staphylococcus aureus in healthy subjects.
Post-invasion events after infection with Staphylococcus aureus are strongly dependent on both the host cell type and the infecting S. aureus strain.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
Omics Approaches for the Study of Adaptive Immunity to Staphylococcus aureus and the Selection of Vaccine Candidates.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
Laboratory Mice Are Frequently Colonized with Staphylococcus aureus and Mount a Systemic Immune Response—Note of Caution for In vivo Infection Experiments
Staphylococcus aureus controls interleukin-5 release in upper airway inflammation
Secreted Immunomodulatory Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus Activate Platelets and Induce Platelet Aggregation.
Analysis of Staphylococcus aureus proteins secreted inside infected human epithelial cells.
Comparative exoproteome profiling of an invasive and a commensal Staphylococcus haemolyticus isolate.
Intranasal Vaccination With Lipoproteins Confers Protection Against Pneumococcal Colonisation.
Translation initiation factor IF2 contributes to ribosome assembly and maturation during cold adaptation.
Proteome profiling of secreted and membrane vesicle associated proteins of an invasive and a commensal Staphylococcus haemolyticus isolate.
In vivo proteomics identifies the competence regulon and AliB oligopeptide transporter as pathogenic factors in pneumococcal meningitis.
Defensive Function of Transposable Elements in Bacteria.
Single-Cell and Time-Resolved Profiling of Intracellular Salmonella Metabolism in Primary Human Cells.
Hfq modulates global protein pattern and stress response in Bordetella pertussis.
Early-Stage  Bloodstream Infection Causes Changes in the Concentrations of Lipoproteins and Acute-Phase Proteins and Is Associated with Low Antibody Titers against Bacterial Virulence Factors.
Chromosome-free bacterial cells are safe and programmable platforms for synthetic biology.
TRYPTIC DIGESTION OF HUMAN SERUM FOR PROTEOMIC MASS SPECTROMETRY AUTOMATED BY CENTRIFUGAL MICROFLUIDICS
Exploring metal availability in the natural niche of Streptococcus pneumoniae to discover potential vaccine antigens
Wenn Zellsortierung auf Massenspektrometrie trifft
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Specific domain V reduction of beta-2-glycoprotein I induces protein flexibility and alters pathogenic antibody binding.
Sputum Proteome Signatures of Mechanically Ventilated Intensive Care Unit Patients Distinguish Samples with or without Anti-pneumococcal Activity.