Lillig, Christopher	FIS_21399
Dual role of astrocytes in perinatal asphyxia injury and neuroprotection.
Redox regulation by glutathione needs enzymes
Linkage of inflammation and oxidative stress via release of glutathionylated peroxiredoxin-2, which acts as a danger signal
Redox regulation of cytoskeletal dynamics during differentiation and de-differentiation
Enzymatic control of cysteinyl thiol switches in proteins.
Cysteine Oxidation Targets Peroxiredoxins 1 and 2 for Exosomal Release through a Novel Mechanism of Redox-Dependent Secretion.
Functional and morphological changes in endocrine pancreas following cola drink consumption in rats.
Thioredoxin 1 and glutaredoxin 2 contribute to maintain the phenotype and integrity of neurons following perinatal asphyxia.
Redox regulation of differentiation and de-differentiation
Redox Proteomics of the Inflammatory Secretome Identifies a Common Set of Redoxins and Other Glutathionylated Proteins Released in Inflammation, Influenza Virus Infection and Oxidative Stress
The specificity and efficiency of thioredoxins and glutaredoxins is determined by electrostatic and geometric complementarity.
Redoxins in peripheral neurons ­after sciatic nerve injury.
Redox-regulation of activator protein 1 family members in blood cancer cell lines exposed to cold physical plasma-treated medium
Cold atmospheric plasma treatment induces anti-proliferative effects in prostate cancer cells by redox and apoptotic signaling pathways
Glutathione, glutaredoxins and iron
Iron-sulfur glutaredoxin 2 protects oligodendrocytes against damage induced by nitric oxide release from activated microglia.
Neuronal Damage Induced by Perinatal Asphyxia Is Attenuated by Postinjury Glutaredoxin-2 Administration
The amino terminal subdomain of glycoprotein Gc of Schmallenberg virus: disulfide bonding and structural determinants of neutralization
Molecular dynamics simulations and in vitro analysis of the CRMP2 thiol switch
Effects of cytotoxic cis- and trans-diammine monochlorido platinum(II) complexes on selenium-dependent redox enzymes and DNA
Nucleoredoxin-Dependent Targets and Processes in Neuronal Cells.
Thioredoxin 1 plays a protective role in retinas exposed to perinatal hypoxia-ischemia
Substrate specificity of thioredoxins and glutaredoxins – towards a functional classification
Redox-mediated Kick-Start of Mitochondrial Energy Metabolism drives Resource-efficient Seed Germination
The cytosolic isoform of glutaredoxin 2 promotes cell migration and invasion
Signal-regulated oxidation of proteins via MICAL
Pentathiepins: A Novel Class of Glutathione Peroxidase 1 Inhibitors that Induce Oxidative Stress, Loss of Mitochondrial Membrane Potential and Apoptosis in Human Cancer Cells
Paracrine regulation and improvement of beta-cell function by thioredoxin.
Molecular basis for the distinct functions of redox-active and FeS-transfering glutaredoxins.
Role of GSH and Iron-Sulfur Glutaredoxins in Iron Metabolism—Review
Glutaredoxin 2 reduces asthma-like acute airway inflammation in mice
Thioredoxin 1 is upregulated in the bone and bone marrow following experimental myocardial infarction—evidence for a remote organ response
Functional metagenomics of the Thioredoxin superfamily
Molecular basis for the interactions of human thioredoxins with their respective reductases
p53 is functionally inhibited in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC): a mechanistic and correlative investigation into genetic and molecular characteristics.
Thioredoxin 1 (Trx1) is associated with poor prognosis in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC): an example for the crucial role of redox signaling in ccRCC.
Nucleoredoxin Plays a Key Role in the Maintenance of Retinal Pigmented Epithelium Differentiation