Simon P	FIS_1081
Quality control of parenteral nutrition in hospitalized patients.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Polymorphisms at PRSS1-PRSS2 and CLDN2-MORC4 loci associate with alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis in a European replication study.
The effect of oral pancreatic enzyme supplementation on the course and outcome of acute pancreatitis: a randomized, double-blind parallel-group study.
Predictive factors for an incidence of readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis
Identifikation prädiktiver Faktoren für die Krankenhauswiederaufnahme bei Patienten mit akuter und chronischer Pankreatitis - eine monozentrische retrospektive Analyse
Predictive factors for Hospital readmission of patients with acute or chronic pancreatitis - a single center study
Gene Conversion between Cationic Trypsinogen (PRSS1) and the Pseudogene Trypsinogen 6 (PRSS3P2) in Patients with Chronic Pancreatitis.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Genetic susceptibility factors for alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis.
Prospective cohort study comparing transient EUS guided elastography to EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of solid pancreatic mass lesions.
Predictive factors for and incidence of hospital readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis.
A recombined allele of the lipase gene CEL and its pseudogene CELP confers susceptibility to chronic pancreatitis.
Long-term cancer surveillance of patients with hereditary pancreatitis and ERCP-proven pancreatic duct strictures
Langzeituntersuchung zur Karzinomentstehung bei Patienten mit hereditärer Pankreatitis und Pankreasgangstenosen in der ERCP
Defining chronic pancreatitis with a focus on pathological stress responses.
Development of Pancreatic Cancer: Targets for Early Detection and Treatment.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review.
Copy number variants and VNTR length polymorphisms of the carboxyl-ester lipase (CEL) gene as risk factors in pancreatic cancer.
Deficiency of fat-soluble vitamins in chronic pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence-Based Surgical Treatments for Chronic Pancreatitis.
Prospective cohort study comparing transient EUS guided elastography to EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of solid pancreatic mass lesions
Endoskopische Vollwandresektion mit dem FTRD im klinischen Alltag
Endoscopic Management of complications of aöcute pancreatitis: An update on the field
Dieulafoy-Like Lesion at the Brim of a Gastric Diverticulum: A Very Rare Cause of Gastrointestinal Bleeding