Kocher, Thomas	FIS_115672
A Mendelian randomization study on the effect of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels on periodontitis.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Impact of dental restorations and removable prostheses on potentially malignant oral mucosal disorders in the general population
Factors influencing tooth loss in European population
Comment: Type 1 diabetes and oral health: Findings from the Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications (EDIC) study. Kocher T, Holtfreter B, Nauck MA.
Association between bone turnover markers and periodontitis: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Tooth loss in periodontally treated patients: A registry- and observation-based analysis
Efficiency of biofilm removal by combination of water jet and cold plasma: an in-vitro study. Matthes R, Jablonowski L, Pitchika V, Holtfreter B, Eberhard C, Seifert L, Gerling T, Vilardell Scholten L, Schlüter R, Kocher T.
Phenotype Harmonization in the GLIDE2 Oral Health Genomics Consortium. Journal of Dental Research 2022
Genotype-driven NPC1L1 and PCSK9 inhibition and reduced risk of periodontitis
No bidirectional relationship between depression and periodontitis: A genetic correlation and Mendelian randomization study
Cannabis use and the risk of periodontitis: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Development and External Validation of a Multivariable Prediction Model to Identify Nondiabetic Hyperglycemia and Undiagnosed Type 2 Diabetes: Diabetes Risk Assessment in Dentistry Score (DDS)
Impact of different oral treatments on the composition of the supragingival plaque microbiome.
S2k-Leitlinie Rationaler therapeutischer Einsatz von kaltem physikalischem Plasma
S2k-Leitlinie Rationaler therapeutischer Einsatz von kaltem physikalischem Plasma
Association between total body bone mineral density and periodontitis: a Mendelian randomization study. Alayash Z, Baumeister SE, Reckelkamm SL, Holtfreter B, Kocher T, Baurecht H, Ehmke B, Nolde M.
Have extraction patterns in German adults with severe periodontitis changed between 2000 and 2010? Results from two cohort studies.
Reliability of probing depth assessments at healthy implant sites and natural teeth
In-Vitro Biofilm Removal Efficacy Using Water Jet in Combination with Cold Plasma Technology on Dental Titanium Implants
Association between total body bone mineral density and periodontitis: A Mendelian randomization study.
Powered tooth brushes are beneficial for long-term oral health: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND).
Effect of interleukin 17 on periodontitis development: An instrumental variable analysis
Masticaticatory muscles characteristics in relation to adiposity and general muscular fitness: a population-based study
Antiseptic efficacy of two mouth rinses in the oral cavity to identify a suitable rinsing solution in radiation- or chemotherapy induced mucositis
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.