Angelow, Aniela	FIS_742
Effects of expiring reimbursability of pentaerythrityl tetranitrate (PETN, pentalong®) on anti-anginal therapy: an observational study.
Utility of repeat serum cholesterol measurements for assessment of cardiovascular risk in primary prevention.
Quality of care in patients with atrial fibrillation in primary care: a cross-sectional study comparing clinical and claims data
Neue DEGAM-S3 Leitlinie "Hausärztliche Beratung zur kardiovaskulären Prävention". The New DEGAM Guideline "Counseling on Cardiovascular Prevention in Family Medicine".
Injektionstherapien bei nicht-spezifischen Rückenschmerzen.
Dexamethason und andere  Corticosteroide bei akuter Pharyngitis
Prevalence of Cardiovascular Risk Factors at The Population Level: A Comparison of Ambulatory Physician-Coded Claims Data With Clinical Data From A Population-Based Study.
Dexamethason und andere Corticosteroide bei akuter Pharyngitis.
Symptomatic anemia in patients with chronic kidney disease – analysis of a population based sample (Poster).  50. Jahrestagung der Deutschen Gesellschaft für Transfusionsmedizin und Immunhämatologie (DGTI), Köln, 24.–27. Oktober 2017, Abstracts.
A systematic review of clinical practice guidelines on diagnosis and management of non-dialysis chronic kidney disease in ambulatory care.
Dexamethasone and other corticosteroids for acute pharyngitis.
Dexamethason und andere Corticosteroide bei akuter Pharyngitis
Gerechtigkeit und Objektivität einer OSCE-Prüfung mit multiplen Szenarien.
Prevalence of thyroid abnormality: a comparison of ambulatory claims data with data from a population-based study
Frequency of thyroid function tests and examinations in participants of a population-based study
Frequency of thyroid function tests and examinations in participants of a population-based study
Dual Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone Blockade: Implementation of Published Research and Dear Doctor Letters in Ambulatory Care: A Retrospective Observational Study Using Prescription Data
Cerumen Impaction Removal in General Practices: A Comparison of Approved Standard Products
Zufallsbefund Schilddrüsenknoten: Bewertung des Krebsrisikos.
Patientensicherheit in der Rheumatherapie : Labormonitoring bei Methotrexat
The course of thyroid nodules and thyroid volume over a time-period of up to 10 years: a longitudinal analysis of a population-based cohort
Behandlung der arteriellen Hypertonie in der Hausarztpraxis
Referral criteria for chronic kidney disease: implications for disease management and healthcare expenditure-analysis of a population-based sample.
Validierung der kardiovaskulären Risikoprädiktion des arriba-Instruments Eine Analyse auf Basis von Daten der Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Anemia with Clinical Symptoms Commonly Attributed to Anemia - Analysis of Two Population-Based Cohorts