Endlich, Karl-Hans	FIS_2246
Two-Photon Microscopy Reveals Stationary Podocytes in Living Zebrafish Larvae.
Aldosterone and glomerular filtration - observations in the general population.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Mechanical stress enhances CD9 Expression in cultured podocytes.
Simultaneous assessment of glomerular Filtration and barrier funciton in live zebrafish.
Genome-wide association study of kidney function decline in individuals of European descent.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
Knockdown of ApoL1 in Zebrafish Larvae Affects the Glomerular Filtration Barrier and the Expression of Nephrin.
SOS2 and ACP1 Loci Identified through Large-Scale Exome Chip Analysis Regulate Kidney Development and Function.
A Novel Assay to Assess the Effect of Pharmaceutical Compounds on the Differentiation of Podocytes.
4D in vivo imaging of glomerular barrier function in a zebrafish podocyte injury model.
Auricular Acupuncture for Exam Anxiety in Medical Students—A Randomized Crossover Investigation
Urinary Angiotensinogen and Renin Excretion are Associated with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Serum chemerin levels are inversely associated with renal function in a general population.
Structured illumination microscopy and automatized image processing as a rapid diagnostic tool for podocyte effacement.
Identification of miR-16 as an endogenous reference gene for the normalization of urinary exosomal miRNA expression data from CKD patients
The transcription factor Dach1 is essential for podocyte function
Studying the role of fascin-1 in mechanically stressed podocytes
BDNF: mRNA Expression in urine cells of patients with chronic kidney disease and its role in kidney function
Negative effect of vitamin D on kidney function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Comparative Analysis of Podocyte Foot Process Morphology in Three Species by 3D Super-Resolution Microscopy.
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
The Role of Palladin in Podocytes
FocusHeuristics - expression-data-driven network optimization and disease gene prediction.
Acute podocyte injury is not a stimulus for podocytes to migrate along the glomerular basement membrane in zebrafish larvae.
Stressed podocytes-mechanical forces, sensors, signaling and response.
Are podocytes motile?
Novel Microscopic Techniques for Podocyte Research.
A catalog of genetic loci associated with kidney function from analyses of a million individuals.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
Fibronectin is up-regulated in podocytes by mechanical stress.
Upregulation of Tumor Susceptibility Gene 101 (TSG101) by mechanical stress in podocytes.
MiR-21 is up-regulated in urinary exosomes of chronic kidney disease patients and after glomerular injury.
Meta-analysis uncovers genome-wide significant variants for rapid kidney function decline.
Adriamycin does not damage podocytes of zebrafish larvea
Prolonged podocyte depletion in larval zebrafish resembles mammalian focal and segemntal glomerulosclerosis
Studies on the Role of the Transcription Factor Tcf21 in the Transdifferentiation of Parietal Epithelial Cells into Podocyte-Like Cells.
Epigenome-wide association study of serum urate reveals insights into urate co-regulation and the SLC2A9 locus.
Meta-analyses identify DNA methylation associated with kidney function and damage.
The podocyte-specific knockout of palladin in mice with a 129 genetic background affects podocyte morphology and the expression of palladin interacting proteins
Super-resolved local recruitment of CLDN5 to Filtration slits implicates a direct relationship with podocyte foot process
The role of filamins in mechanically stressed podocytes.
Differential and shared genetic effects on kidney function between diabetic and non-diabetic individuals.
Genetic loci and prioritization of genes for kidney function decline derived from a meta-analysis of 62 longitudinal genome-wide association studies.
Potentially inappropriate medication in patients with chronic kidney disease and elderly patients.
Comorbid Depression and Diabetes Are Associated with Impaired Health-Related Quality of Life in Chronic Kidney Disease Patients.
Evaluation of endogenous miRNA reference genes across different zebrafish strains, developmental stages and kidney disease models