Stubbe, Beate	FIS_1569
[Reference values for arterial oxygen content].
Physical Performance of Older Patients Training Regularly: Comparison with a Normal Population
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Physiology of oxygen uptake kinetics: Insights from incremental cardiopulmonary exercise testing in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Sixteen new lung function signals identified through 1000 Genomes Project reference panel imputation.
Sex hormones and sleep in men and women from the general population: a cross-sectional observational study.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Multi-ethnic Meta-analysis Identifies RAI1 as a Possible Obstructive Sleep Apnea Related Quantitative Trait Locus in Men.
[Weaning Unit of the University Medicine Greifswald - Institutional Structure and Weaning Results from Prolonged Ventilation over 10 Years].
Genome-wide association analyses for lung function and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease identify new loci and potential druggable targets.
Molecular mechanisms underlying variations in lung function: a systems genetics analysis.
Transfer factor for carbon monoxide in patients with COPD and diabetes: results from the German COSYCONET cohort.
Meta-analysis of exome array data identifies six novel genetic loci for lung function.
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
Prevalence and associated risk factors of periodic limb movement in sleep in two German population-based studies.
New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Author Correction: New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation: How much are the predictors subject to weaning protocols?
Exercise and fluid challenge during right heart catheterisation for evaluation of dyspnoea.
Predictors of survival after prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation.
Associations between Sleep Apnoea and Advanced Brain Ageing in a Large-Scale Population Study.
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
Impaired lung function as a risk factor for accelerated brain ageing
Variants associated with HHIP expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
Association Between Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Brain White Matter Hyperintensities in a Population-Based Cohort in Germany.
Normative Peak Cardiopulmonary Exercise Test Responses in Canadian Adults Aged ?40 Years.
Interrater sleep stage scoring reliability between manual scoring from two European sleep centers and automatic scoring performed by the artificial intelligence-based Stanford-STAGES algorithm.
Monotherapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension at four German PH centres.
Intravenous prostacyclin-analogue therapy in pulmonary arterial hypertension - A review of the past, present and future.
[Invasive Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing: A Review].
Variants associated with  expression have sex-differential effects on lung function.
Strategies for optimizing intravenous prostacyclin-analog therapy in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Inhalation of publicly available indoor insecticide spray caused myocardial infarction type II: a case report.
[Evaluation of Weaning Success in Long-Term Invasively Ventilated Patients at a Weaning Center].
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in the Prognosis Assessment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Patients: A Retrospective, Multicentre Cohort Study.
Associations of objective and subjective sleep quality with MRI markers of brain ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Socioeconomic factors do not predict sleep apnea in a population sample from Mecklenburg?Western Pomerania, Germany
Associations of Pulmonary Function with MRI Brain Volumes: A Coordinated Multi-Study Analysis.
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
Correlation of Hemodynamic and Respiratory Parameters in Invasive Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing (iCPET).
The relationship between Alzheimer's-related brain atrophy patterns and sleep macro-architecture.
Prognostic Relevance of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing for Patients with Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension.
Comparison between thermodilution and Fick methods for resting and exercise-induced cardiac output measurement in patients with chronic dyspnea.
Do brachycephaly and nose size predict the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)? A sample-based geometric morphometric analysis of craniofacial variation in relation to OSA syndrome and the role of confounding factors.
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Prognostic Assessment of Patients with Interstitial Lung Diseases.
[Risk Stratification in Patients with Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension under Treatment - Results of Four German Centers].
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association analyses improve resolution of genes and pathways influencing lung function and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk.
Proportional Internal Work-a New Parameter of Exercise Testing in Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Acute COPD exacerbation treatment with noninvasive ventilation.
Lack of structural brain alterations associated with insomnia: findings from the ENIGMA-Sleep Working Group.
Primary mitochondrial disease as a rare cause of unclear breathlessness and distinctive performance degradation - a case report.
Evaluating heart rate variability with 10?second multichannel electrocardiograms in a large population-based sample.