Grothe, Matthias	FIS_1927
Impaired recognition of emotional facial expressions in patients with multiple sclerosis
Inhibition of the primary sensorimotor cortex by topical anesthesia of the forearm in patients with CRPS.
The role of global and regional gray matter volume decrease in multiple sclerosis.
MRI Biomarkers for Hand-Motor Outcome Prediction and Therapy Monitoring following Stroke.
Connectivity-Based Predictions of Hand Motor Outcome for Patients at the Subacute Stage After Stroke
Repeated intravenous administration of gadobutrol does not lead to increased signal intensity on unenhanced T1-weighted images-a voxel-based whole brain analysis.
Changes in motor cortex excitability for the trained and non-trained hand after long-term unilateral motor training
Prevalence and outcome of late-onset seizures due to autoimmune etiology: A prospective observational population-based cohort study.
From visual to motor strategies: Training in mental rotation of hands
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy Shows Potential Structural White Matter Abnormalities: A TBSS Study
Diagnostic value of kappa free light chains in patients with one isolated band in isoelectric focusing.
Free light chain kappa and the polyspecific immune response in MS and CIS - Application of the hyperbolic reference range for most reliable data interpretation.
Free light chains kappa can differentiate between myelitis and noninflammatory myelopathy.
Functional representation of the symbol digit modalities test in relapsing remitting  multiple sclerosis.
Epileptic seizures in multiple sclerosis: prevalence, competing causes and diagnostic accuracy
The Influence of Renal Function Impairment on Kappa Free Light Chains in Cerebrospinal Fluid.
Decreased Intrathecal Concentrations of Free Light Chains Kappa in Multiple Sclerosis Patients Taking Very High Effective Disease-Modifying Treatment
Kappa Free Light Chains in Cerebrospinal Fluid in Inflammatory and Non-Inflammatory Neurological Diseases
Diagnostic Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker in Early and Late Onset Multiple Sclerosis.