Wassilew, Georgi Iwan	FIS_86641
Prevalence of benign osseous lesions of the spine and association with spinal pain in the general population in whole body MRI.
Prediction of time to prosthesis implantation as a function of joint anatomy in patients with developmental dysplasia of the hip.
Anterior pelvic plane registration accuracy and cup position measurement using ultrasound- and pointer-based navigation in primary total hip arthroplasty.
The costs of total joint arthroplasty and their complications.
The costs of total joint arthroplasty and their complications
[Tenosynovial giant-cell tumour - a rare disease].
Reconstruction of acetabular defects with porous tantalum shells and augments in revision total hip arthroplasty at ten-year follow-up.
The 2019 Austrian-Swiss-German Traveling Fellowship.
[Risk factors and management strategies for early and late infections following reconstruction with special tumour endoprostheses].
Risk assessment of mixed and displacement ventilation (LAF) during orthopedic and trauma surgery on COVID-19 patients with increased release of infectious aerosols.
[Hip-spine syndrome-current developments and state of the evidence].
Results after arthroscopic treatment of iliopsoas impingement after total hip arthroplasty.
Coronavirus Pandemic - SARS-CoV-2 in Orthopedics and Trauma Surgery.
Dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic in orthopaedics: experiences and procedure in Germany.
Taper corrosion: a complication of total hip arthroplasty.
Osteoarthrosis, advanced age and female sex are risk factors for inferior outcomes after hip arthroscopy and labral debridement for FAI Syndrome - Case Series with minimum 10-year follow-up.
Plane Block for Improved Early Postoperative Pain Management after Periacetabular Osteotomy: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
A New Rectus and Sartorius Sparing Approach for Periacetabular Osteotomy in Patients with Developmental Dysplasia of the Hip.
Defining the Clinically Meaningful Outcomes for Arthroscopic Treatment of Femoroacetabular Impingement Syndrome at Minimum 10-Year Follow-up: The Timing of Surgery Is Crucial
Developmental Hip Dysplasia Treated with Cementless Total Hip Arthroplasty Using a Straight Stem and a Threaded Cup-A Concise Follow-Up, At a Mean of Twenty-Three Years.
Association of Lumbar MRI Findings with Current and Future Back Pain in a Population-Based Cohort Study
Defining the Gothic Arch Angle (GAA) as a radiographic diagnostic tool for instability in hip dysplasia.
[Hemitrapeziectomy of the carpometacarpal joint of the thumb].
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
[Promoting young academics in anesthesiology: factors for an attractive internship].
[Minimally invasive periacetabular osteotomy for adult hip dysplasia]
[Postoperative outcomes and survival rates after aseptic revision total hip arthroplasty : What can patients expect from revision surgery?]
C-reactive protein during the first 6 postoperative days after total hip arthroplasty cannot predict early periprosthetic infection.
Intraoperative Fluoroscopy Allows the Reliable Assessment of Deformity Correction during Periacetabular Osteotomy.
Compared learning curves of the direct anterior and anterolateral approach for minimally invasive hip replacement.
Transversus Abdominis Plane Block Reduces Intraoperative Opioid Consumption in Patients Undergoing Periacetabular Osteotomy.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Scaffold Guided Bone Regeneration for the Treatment of Large Segmental Defects in Long Bones.
Noninfectious tissue interactions at periprosthetic interfaces.
Complication management after periacetabular osteotomy
"Koehlers teardrop is not a reliable landmark for assessing the centre of rotation after Total hip arthroplasty" - a retrospective radiological study.
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Value of [18F]FDG PET/CT in diagnosis and management of spondylodiscitis.
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Orthopaedic applications of cold physical plasma.
Orthopaedic applications of cold physical plasma.