Schmidt, Carsten Oliver	FIS_1018
GeKoKidS - Gesundheitskompetenz bei Kindern in der Schule [GeKo KidS - Health Literacy in School Children]
Current Smoking and Reduced Gray Matter Volume - a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Vergleich zweier Screening-Fragebögen bei Patienten mit Rückenschmerzen zum Erfassen von Risikofaktoren für eine Chronifizierung.
German medical students´ exposure and attitudes toward pharmaceutical promotion: A cross-sectional survey. Exposition und Einstellungen deutscher Medizinstudierender zu Pharmawerbeaktivitäten: Eine Querschnittsstudie.
The phenomenology of the first panic attack in clinical and community-based samples.
Research: increasing value, reducing waste.
Psychometric functioning, socio-demographic variability of childhood maltreatment in the general population and its effects of depression.GANI_MED
The impact of childhood trauma on depression: does resilience matter? Population-based results from the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Novel approach identifies SNPs in SLC2A10 and KCNK9 with evidence for parent-of-origin effect on body mass index.
Change in depressive symptoms and mental health-related quality of life in northeast Germany between 1997-2001 and 2008-2012
Changes in Prevalence of Periodontitis in Two German Population-based Studies.
Integration of Primary and Secondary Data in the Study of Health in Pomerania and Description of Clinical Outcomes using Stroke as an Example
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
Cancer screening in the elderly : Explorative mixed methods study.
Utility of repeat serum cholesterol measurements for assessment of cardiovascular risk in primary prevention.
Social support and the serotonin transporter genotype (5-HTTLPR) moderate levels of resilience, sense of coherence, and depression.
Construct and predictive validity of the German Örebro questionnaire short form for psychosocial risk factor screening of patients with low back pain.
Chronic back pain is associated with decreased prefrontal and anterior insular gray matter. Results from a population-based cohort study.
Impact of whole-body MRI in a general population study.
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies for Extraversion: Findings from the Genetics of Personality Consortium.
Meta-analysis identifies seven susceptibility loci involved in the atopic march.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of 21,000 cases and 95,000 controls identifies new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
Changes of individual perception in psychosocial stressors related to German reunification in 1989/1990 and cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular diseases in a population-based study in East Germany.
Cross-sectional association between physical strength, obesity, periodontitis and number of teeth in a general population
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies
Polysomnography in a Large Population based study - the Study of Health in Pomerania Protocol.
Evaluation of Ambulatory Geriatric Rehabilitation (EAGER): study protocol of a matched cohort study based on claims data
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Effect on healthcare utilization and costs of spinal manual therapy for acute low back pain in routine care: A propensity score matched cohort study.
Automatic Conversion of Metadata from the Study of Health in Pomerania to ODM.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Exome-wide association study reveals novel psoriasis susceptibility locus at TNFSF15 and rare protective alleles in genes contributing to type I IFN signalling.
Genome-wide association study identifies the SERPINB gene cluster as a susceptibility locus for food allergy.
Assessing the interplay of childhood adversities with more recent stressful life events and conditions in predicting panic pathology among adults from the general population.
Worldwide trends in body-mass index, underweight, overweight, and obesity from 1975 to 2016: a pooled analysis of 2416 population-based measurement studies in 128·9 million children, adolescents, and adults.
Shared genetic origin of asthma, hay fever and eczema elucidates allergic disease biology.
Vitamin D and health care costs: Results from two independent population-based cohort studies.
Square2 - A Web Application for Data Monitoring in Epidemiological and Clinical Studies
Childhood Trauma and Functional Variants of 5-HTTLPR Are Independently Associated with Alexithymia in 5,283 Subjects from the General Population.
Interplay between COMT Val158Met, childhood adversities and sex in predicting panic pathology: Findings from a general population sample.
Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets
Behandlungsverläufe und Nachhaltigkeit der Ambulanten Geriatrischen Komplexbehandlung - eine Analyse von 128 geriatrischen Patienten. Course of Treatment and Sustainability of Ambulatory Geriatric Rehabilitation – An Analysis of 128 Geriatric Patients.
Prevalence of Cardiovascular Risk Factors at The Population Level: A Comparison of Ambulatory Physician-Coded Claims Data With Clinical Data From A Population-Based Study.
Evaluation of food allergy candidate loci in the Genetics of Food Allergy Study.
Evaluation of a new equation for LDL-c estimation and prediction of death by cardiovascular related events in a German population-based study cohort.
Prosthetic Tooth Replacement in a German Population Over the Course of 11 Years: Results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Lifetime and 12-month prevalence estimates for mental disorders in northeastern Germany: findings from the Study of Health in Pomerania.
What Are the Reference Values and Associated Factors for Center-edge Angle and Alpha Angle? A Population-based Study.
Interplay between RGS2 and childhood adversities in predicting anxiety and depressive disorders: Findings from a general population sample.
DNA methylation as a mediator of HLA-DRB1*15:01 and a protective variant in multiple sclerosis.
[Sense and benefits of screening procedures]
Prevalence and association analysis of obstructive sleep apnea with gender and age differences - Results of SHIP-Trend.
[Assessing incident cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in epidemiological cohort studies in Germany].
The relation of alexithymia, chronic perceived stress and declarative memory performance: Results from the general population.
Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Erratum to "Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets".
Prospective associations of androgens and sex hormone-binding globulin with 12-month, lifetime and incident anxiety and depressive disorders in men and women from the general population.
Guidelines and recommendations for ensuring Good Epidemiological Practice (GEP): a guideline developed by the German Society for Epidemiology
Effectiveness of a risk-tailored short intervention to prevent chronic low back pain : A cluster-randomized study in general practice.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-smoking interaction study of 387,272 individuals identifies new loci associated with serum lipids.
Physically active life style is associated with increased grey matter brain volume in a medial parieto-frontal network
Novel findings from 2,838 Adult Brains on Sex Differences in Gray Matter Brain Volume
Rising rural body-mass index is the main driver of the global obesity epidemic in adults.
Gerechtigkeit und Objektivität einer OSCE-Prüfung mit multiplen Szenarien.
Obese Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes Show Different Gut Microbial Functional Capacity and Composition.
Effect of ambulatory geriatric rehabilitation on polypharmacy and potentially inappropriate medication-an observational study
Reference values for the cervical spinal canal and the vertebral bodies by MRI in a general population
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
Publisher Correction: Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Prevalence of benign osseous lesions of the spine and association with spinal pain in the general population in whole body MRI.
Frequency of MRI changes suggestive of axial spondyloarthritis in the axial skeleton in a large population-based cohort of individuals aged &lt;45 years
Data quality monitoring in clinical and observational epidemiologic studies: the role of metadata and process information
National trends in total cholesterol obscure heterogeneous changes in HDL and non-HDL cholesterol and total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio: a pooled analysis of 458 population-based studies in Asian and Western countries.
Protein-coding variants contribute to the risk of atopic dermatitis and skin-specific gene expression.
Evaluation of an ambulatory geriatric rehabilitation program - results of a matched cohort study based on claims data
Häufigkeiten muskuloskelettaler Symptome und Erkrankungen in der bevölkerungsbezogenen NAKO Gesundheitsstudie
[Blood pressure measurement in the NAKO German National Cohort (GNC) - differences in methods, distribution of blood pressure values, and awareness of hypertension compared to other population-based studies in Germany].
Design und Qualitätskontrolle der zahnmedizinischen Untersuchung in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie [Design and quality control of the oral health status examination in the German National Cohort (GNC)]
Recall accuracy of notifications about incidental findings from an MRI examination: results from a population-based study
Repositioning of the global epicentre of non-optimal cholesterol.
The effects of incidental findings from whole-body MRI on the frequency of biopsies and detected malignancies or benign conditions in a general population cohort study
Shared Genetics of Multiple System Atrophy and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Income is associated with hippocampal/amygdala and education with cingulate cortex  grey matter volume.
Evaluation of an ambulatory geriatric rehabilitation program - results of a matched cohort study based on claims data.
Associations between shift work and risk of colorectal cancer in two German cohort studies.
Assessment of a data quality guideline by representatives of German epidemiologic cohort studies
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study
Height and body-mass index trajectories of school-aged children and adolescents from 1985 to 2019 in 200 countries and territories: a pooled analysis of 2181 population-based studies with 65 million participants.
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
Facilitating Study and Item Level Browsing for Clinical and Epidemiological COVID-19 Studies
Evaluating Suitability of SNOMED CT in Structured Searches for COVID-19 Studies.
NFDI4Health - Nationale Forschungsdateninfrastruktur für personenbezogene Gesundheitsdaten
dataquieR: assessment of data quality in epidemiological research
Facilitating harmonized data quality assessments. A data quality framework for observational health research data collections with software implementations in R
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Association of Lumbar MRI Findings with Current and Future Back Pain in a Population-Based Cohort Study
Response to: 'Correspondence on 'Which factors are associated with bone marrow oedema suspicious of axial spondyloarthritis as detected by MRI in the sacroiliac joints and the spine in the general population?' by Su et al.
[Answering epidemiologic rheumatologic questions by cooperation with the large population-based SHIP cohort-findings with relevance for the diagnosis of axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA)].
Association of Thyroid Dysfunction With Cognitive Function: An Individual Participant Data Analysis.
Gray Matter Brain Alterations in Temporomandibular Disorder Tested in a Population Cohort and Three Clinical Samples.
Bidimensional structure and measurement equivalence of the Patient Health Questionnaire-9: sex-sensitive assessment of depressive symptoms in three representative German cohort studies.
Pragmatic MDR: a metadata repository with bottom-up standardization of medical metadata through reuse.
[Making COVID-19 research data more accessible-building a nationwide information infrastructure].
Predicting Physician Consultations for Low Back Pain Using Claims Data and Population-Based Cohort Data—An Interpretable Machine Learning Approach
Preventiometer, a Novel Wellness Assessment Device, Used With Healthy Volunteers: A Phase 2 Study
Effects of whole-body MRI on outpatient health service costs: a general-population prospective cohort study in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany
Multi-Ancestry Genome-wide Association Study Accounting for Gene-Psychosocial Factor Interactions Identifies Novel Loci for Blood Pressure Traits.
Response to: 'Frequency of MRI changes suggestive of axial spondyloarthritis in the axial in a large population-based cohort of individuals aged <45 years' by Parperis.
Hidden analyses: a review of reporting practice and recommendations for more transparent reporting of initial data analyses.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Striking sex differences in magnetic resonance imaging findings in the sacroiliac joints in the population
Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) in a FAIR Metadata Registry for COVID-19 Research.
Improving the FAIRness of Health Studies in Germany: The German Central Health Study Hub COVID-19.
An agenda-setting paper on data sharing platforms: euCanSHare workshop [version 2; peer review: 2 approved]
Das Modell der Datentreuhand in der medizinischen Forschung
STRengthening Analytical Thinking for Observational Studies (STRATOS): Introducing the Initial Data Analysis Topic Group (TG3)
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
R Packages for Data Quality Assessments and Data Monitoring: A Software Scoping Review with Recommendations for Future Developments
Statistical Analysis in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – Specific Aspects and General Recommendations
Generalised anxiety and panic symptoms in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Validierung der kardiovaskulären Risikoprädiktion des arriba-Instruments Eine Analyse auf Basis von Daten der Study of Health in Pomerania.
Monitoring and management of chronic kidney disease in ambulatory care – analysis of clinical and claims data from a population-based study
Monitoring and management of chronic kidney disease in ambulatory care – analysis of clinical and claims data from a population-based study
Quality of life and sleep in individuals with irritable bowel syndrome according to different diagnostic criteria and inflammatory bowel diseases: A comparison using data from a population-based survey.
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
Stroke genetics informs drug discovery and risk prediction across ancestries.
Publisher Correction: Stroke genetics informs drug discovery and risk prediction across ancestries.
Monitoring and management of chronic kidney disease in ambulatory care - analysis of clinical and claims data from a population-based study.
STRengthening Analytical Thinking for Observational Studies (STRATOS): On the importance of Data Quality Assessments and Initial Data Analysis
Implementing SNOMED CT in Open Software Solutions to Enhance the Findability of COVID-19 Questionnaires.
General Population Research is not Patient Research; and Despite this Can be of Clinical Interest
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association analyses improve resolution of genes and pathways influencing lung function and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease risk.
The Preventiometer - Reliability of a cardiovascular multi-device measurement platform and its measurement agreement with a cohort study
Conducting an Epidemiologic Study and Making It FAIR: Reusable Tools and Procedures from a Population-Based Cohort Study.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.