Meisel, Peter	FIS_410
Tooth Loss, Periodontitis and Statins in a Population-based Follow-up Study
Prediction of periodontal disease: modelling and validation in different general German populations
Problematik des Knochenabbaus bei einer Parodontitis
Sex Differences of Tooth Loss and Obesity on Systemic Markers of Inflammation
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
Übergewicht, Diabetes und Parodontitis: Separate Altersrisiken oder Ausdruck einer Entzündungsreaktion?
Übergewicht, Diabetes und Parodontitis
Photodynamische Therapie in der Parodontologie - viele Studien, wenig Evidenz
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
Cross-sectional association between physical strength, obesity, periodontitis and number of teeth in a general population
Parodontitis-Diagnostik mit dem Entzündungsmarker MMP-8
Effect of body shape and inflammation on tooth loss in men and women
Wechselseitige Beziehung zwischen Diabetes mellitus und Parodontitis
Studie zu Parodontitis und Körperkraft: Korrelation oder Kausalität?
Magnesium/Calcium Ratio in Serum Predicts Periodontitis and Tooth Loss in a Five-Year Follow-up
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Does periodontitis affect diabetes incidence and haemoglobin A1c change? An 11-year follow-up study.
Functional variants of OCTN transporter genes are associated with total and LDL cholesterol in a body mass-dependent manner
Functionel variants of carnitine transporter genes are associated with periodontitis and edentulism related to cholesterol and obesity
Self-reported oral health predicts tooth loss after five and ten years in a population-based study
Periodontal complications of hyperglycemia/diabetes mellitus: Epidemiologic complexity and clinical challenge.
The sex paradox in the interplay between periodontitis, obesity, and serum C-reactive protein. Data from a general population
Construction of a biological age score to predict tooth loss over ten years
Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: Obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery
Chocolate and coronary artery disease
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?
Tooth loss and adiposity: possible role of carnitine transporter (OCTN1/2) polymorphisms in women but not in men.
Individual predisposition and the intricate interplay between systemic biomarkers and periodontal risk in a general population
Mangelnde Evidenz für die photodynamische Therapie (PDT) der Parodontitis? Ein Spannungsfeld zwischen evidenzbasierter und individualisierter Medizin
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
Mangelnde Evidenz für die photodynamische Therapie der Parodontitis?
Correction to: Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery.
Masticaticatory muscles characteristics in relation to adiposity and general muscular fitness: a population-based study