Langner, Sönke	FIS_1198
Pim1 kinase is upregulated in glioblastoma multiforme and mediates tumor cell survival.
Mason's lacing cord : Potential danger of severe open ocular injuries. Maurerschnüre. Potenzielle Gefahr für schwere offenen Augenverletzungen
T1 bias in chemical shift-encoded liver fat-fraction: Role of the flip angle.
Stroke Alters Respiratory Burst in Neutrophils and Monocytes.
Ultrahigh field magnetic resonance and colour Doppler real-time fusion imaging of the orbit - a hybrid tool for assessment of choroidal melanoma.
Ophthalmic magnetic resonance imaging at 7 T using a 6-channel transceiver radiofrequency coil array in healthy subjects and patients with intraocular masses.
Comparison of parameter threshold combinations for diffusion tensor tractography in chronic stroke patients and healthy subjects.
High spatial resolution in vivo magnetic resonance imaging of the human eye, orbit, nervus opticus and optic nerve sheath at 7.0 Tesla.
Prolonged aphasia and perfusion CT abnormalities in migraine with aura
In Vivo MR Microscopy of the Human Eye.
Prevention of capsule opacification after accommodating lens refilling: pilot study of strategies evaluated in a monkey model.
Primary leptomeningeal melanoma of the cervical spine mimicking a meningioma-a case report.
[Ophthalmological imaging with ultrahigh field magnetic resonance tomography: technical innovations and frontier applications].
Diffusion-Sensitized Ophthalmic Magnetic Resonance Imaging Free of Geometric Distortion at 3.0 and 7.0 T: A Feasibility Study in Healthy Subjects and Patients With Intraocular Masses.
Cine MRI: a new approach to the diagnosis of scapholunate dissociation.
Comparing perfusion CT evaluation algorithms for predicting outcome after endovascular treatment in anterior circulation ischaemic stroke.
Diffusion tensor imaging abnormalities in photosensitive juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
Neural correlates of impaired emotional face recognition in cerebellar lesions.
[Optimized imaging of the midface and orbits].
Anatomic and pathological characterization of choroidal melanoma using multimodal imaging: what is practical, what is needed?
Thrombus density measurement is promising but technical standards are needed
MRI in multiple sclerosis: an intra-individual, randomized and multicentric comparison of gadobutrol with gadoterate meglumine at 3 T.
Influence of Recanalization and Time of Cerebral Ischemia on Tissue Outcome after Endovascular Stroke Treatment on Computed Tomography Perfusion.
Multivariate dynamic prediction of ischemic infarction and tissue salvage as a function of time and degree of recanalization.
Recanalization and reperfusion in acute stroke - more often different than alike.
Chronic back pain is associated with decreased prefrontal and anterior insular gray matter. Results from a population-based cohort study.
Eradication of MRSA skull base osteitis by combined treatment with antibiotics and sinonasal irrigation with sodium hypochlorite.
Radiological Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Headache.
Interrater agreement in three perfusion-CT evaluation methods before endovascular therapy for acute ischaemic stroke
Pansinusitis offenbart sich als invasive Mukormykose - Fallbericht und Diskussion
[Diffusion Weighted Magnetic Resonance Imaging and its Application in Ophthalmology].
Reduced Numbers and Impaired Function of Regulatory T Cells in Peripheral Blood of Ischemic Stroke Patients.
The role of global and regional gray matter volume decrease in multiple sclerosis.
Optimized imaging of the midface and orbits.
3 Tesla Kinematic MRI of the Cervical Spine for Evaluation of Adjacent Level Disease after Monosegmental Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Arthroplasty: Results of 2-Year Follow-up".
Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Genauigkeit der Harnblasenvolumetrie - Sonographie vs. 3D-Computertomographie
MR microscopy of the human fetal upper extremity - a proof-of-principle study.
Management of Intracranial Incidental Findings on Brain MRI.
Management of Intracranial Incidental Findings on Brain MRI.
Intravenous thrombolysis and passes of thrombectomy as predictors for endovascular revascularisation in ischemic stroke.
Erratum to: Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Ruptured massa intermedia secondary to hydrocephalus: a case report.
Thrombectomy in low NIHSS stroke – a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge.
Diagnosis and Differential Diagnosis of Hydrocephalus in Adults.
Morphologic and biometric evaluation of chick embryo eyes in ovo using 7 Tesla MRI.
Ischaemic stroke and the recanalization drug tissue plasminogen activator interfere with antibacterial phagocyte function.
Four-hand suction-irrigation technique leads to gross total resection and long-term-progression free survival in fourth ventricular ependymoma.
Urinary bladder volume measured in whole-body CT scans is a useful marker for alcohol intoxication.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Microglia ablation alleviates myelin-associated catatonic signs in mice.
Prevalence and outcome of late-onset seizures due to autoimmune etiology: A prospective observational population-based cohort study.
Millimeter spatial resolution in vivo sodium MRI of the human eye at 7 T using a dedicated radiofrequency transceiver array
Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Functional MRI in Radiology-A Personal Review.
Quantitative Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Neuroblastoma.
Quantitative Diffusion-Weighted MRI of Neuroblastoma.