Mayerle J	FIS_1049
Autoimmune pancreatitis in MRL/Mp mice is a T cell-mediated disease responsive to cyclosporine A and rapamycin treatment.
Quantitative chemical shift-encoded MRI is an accurate method to quantify hepatic steatosis.
T1 bias in chemical shift-encoded liver fat-fraction: Role of the flip angle.
Secretin-Stimulated MRCP in Volunteers: Assessment of Safety, Duct Visualization, and Pancreatic Exocrine Function.
Effect of magnesium supplementation and depletion on the onset and course of acute experimental pancreatitis.
Optimal Duration and Timing of Adjuvant Chemotherapy After Definitive Surgery for Ductal Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas: Ongoing Lessons From the ESPAC-3 Study.
Pancreatic Cancer hENT1 Expression and Survival From Gemcitabine in Patients From the ESPAC-3 Trial.
Clinical utility gene card for: Johanson-Blizzard syndrome.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Mnk1 is a novel acinar cell-specific kinase required for exocrine pancreatic secretion and response to pancreatitis in mice.
Evaluation of genome-wide loci of iron metabolism in hereditary hemochromatosis identifies PCSK7 as a host risk factor of liver cirrhosis.
Development, external validation, and comparative assessment of a new diagnostic score for hepatic steatosis.
Alcohol Disrupts Levels and Function of the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator to Promote Development of Pancreatitis.
Polymorphisms at PRSS1-PRSS2 and CLDN2-MORC4 loci associate with alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis in a European replication study.
The anti-inflammasome effect of lactate and the lactate GPR81-receptor in pancreatic and liver inflammation.
The effect of oral pancreatic enzyme supplementation on the course and outcome of acute pancreatitis: a randomized, double-blind parallel-group study.
Mutations in the human UBR1 gene and the associated phenotypic spectrum.
IgG4-related disease: a new kid on the block or an old aquaintance?
Predictive factors for an incidence of readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis
Identifikation prädiktiver Faktoren für die Krankenhauswiederaufnahme bei Patienten mit akuter und chronischer Pankreatitis - eine monozentrische retrospektive Analyse
Predictive factors for Hospital readmission of patients with acute or chronic pancreatitis - a single center study
[International multidisciplinary classification of acute pancreatitis severity: the 2013 Spanish edition].
IgG4-associated autoimmune diseases - polymorphous presentation complicates diagnosis and treatment
Pancreatic Steatosis Demonstrated at MR Imaging in the General Population: Clinical Relevance.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
The Clinical and Socio-Economic Relevance of Increased IPMN Detection Rates and Management Choices.
Extensive alterations of the whole-blood transcriptome are associated with body mass index: results of an mRNA profiling study involving two large population-based cohorts.
The combined effects of alcohol consumption and body mass index on hepatic steatosis in a general population sample of European men and women.
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
A genome-wide association study confirms PNPLA3 and identifies TM6SF2 and MBOAT7 as risk loci for alcohol-related cirrhosis.
Lysosome associated membrane proteins maintain pancreatic acinar cell homeostasis: LAMP-2 deficient mice develop pancreatitis.
Englischsprachige Version der S3-Leitlinie Chronische Pankreatitis
Genetic susceptibility factors for alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis.
Prospective cohort study comparing transient EUS guided elastography to EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of solid pancreatic mass lesions.
Precancerous Lesions and Carcinoma of the Pancreas.
Acute Pancreatitis-Progress and Challenges: A Report on an International Symposium.
Cyst Features and Risk of Malignancy in Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasms of the Pancreas: Imaging and Pathology.
Precancerous Lesions and Carcinoma of the Pancreas.
Predictive factors for and incidence of hospital readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis.
A recombined allele of the lipase gene CEL and its pseudogene CELP confers susceptibility to chronic pancreatitis.
IgG4-related autoimmune diseases: Polymorphous presentation complicates diagnosis and treatment.
Cathepsin B mediated Protease activation increases acinar cell apoptosis
Genetic variants associated with PDAC also contribute to chronic pancreatitis
Long-term cancer surveillance of patients with hereditary pancreatitis and ERCP-proven pancreatic duct strictures
Langzeituntersuchung zur Karzinomentstehung bei Patienten mit hereditärer Pankreatitis und Pankreasgangstenosen in der ERCP
Cathepsin D Expression in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells increases Proliferation and reduces survival of pancreatic cancer patients
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with a distinct fecal microbiome signature - a case control study
Klinisches Follow-up von endosonographisch diagnostizierten Pankreaszysten (Inzidentelle Zysten)
Does a Pancreatic Duct Aboce 3 mm Warrant Diagnostic Workup? Clues from a Population based cohort
Chronic stress increases experimental pancreatic cancer growth, reduces survival and can be antagonised by beta-adrenergic receptor blockade.
[Hyperthyroid and acute tonsillitis in a 23-year-old woman].
Interventional Endoscopy-Opportunities and Limitations.
Why is one arm stronger than two arms? IgG4 antibodies in IgG4-related autoimmune pancreatitis.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Geriatric nutritional risk index correlates with length of hospital stay and inflammatory markers in older inpatients.
Defining chronic pancreatitis with a focus on pathological stress responses.
Development of Pancreatic Cancer: Targets for Early Detection and Treatment.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review.
Evidence-Based Surgical Treatments for Chronic Pancreatitis.
Early Parenteral Nutrition in Patients with Biliopancreatic Mass Lesions, a Prospective, Randomized Intervention Trial.
The lysosomal Protease Cathepsin C regulates leukocyte invasion and apoptosis in acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin C reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis durch Beeinflussung der Leukozyteninfiltration und Apoptose
The impact of diabetes mellitus on survival following resection and adjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
Cathepsin B Activity Initiates Apoptosis via Digestive Protease Activation in Pancreatic Acinar Cells and Experimental Pancreatitis.
Externalized decondensed neutrophil chromatin occludes pancreatic ducts and drives pancreatitis.
Prospective cohort study comparing transient EUS guided elastography to EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of solid pancreatic mass lesions
Metabolic biomarker signature to differentiate pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma from chronic pancreatitis.
Human pluripotent stem cell-derived acinar/ductal organoids generate human pancreas upon orthotopic transplantation and allow disease modelling.
Effect of oral administration of AZD8309, a CXCR2 antagonist, on the severity of experimental pancreatitis.
Pancreatic cancer in 2015: Precision medicine in pancreatic cancer--fact or fiction?
[S2k-guideline Helicobacter pylori and gastroduodenal ulcer disease].
EGFR1 Targeted Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil Using Tumor Specific Theranostic Aptamers in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma
Intracellular Trypsinogen Activation in Phagocyting Macrophages Acts as DAMP Fueling Severe Acute Pancreatitis
Subdiaphragmatic vagotomy promotes tumor growth and reduces survival via TNF? in a murine pancreatic cancer model.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Diagnosis and treatment in chronic pancreatitis: an international survey and case vignette study.
Prospective study on the incidence, prevalence and 5-year pancreatic-related mortality of pancreatic cysts in a population-based study.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Periodontitis and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, a population-based cohort investigation in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Cathepsin B-mediated Activation of Trypsinogen in Endocytosing Macrophages Increases Severity of Pancreatitis in Mice.
Plasma protein profiling of patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas as potential precursor lesions of pancreatic cancer.
Helicobacter pylori colonization and obesity - a Mendelian randomization study.
Cathepsin D regulates cathepsin B activation and disease severity predominantly in inflammatory cells during experimental pancreatitis.
Development and Validation of a Chronic Pancreatitis Prognosis Score in 2 Independent Cohorts.
Describing Peripancreatic Collections According to the Revised Atlanta Classification of Acute Pancreatitis: An International Interobserver Agreement Study.
Cathepsin C Affects Severity of Acute Pancreatitis by Regulating Activation of Neutrophil Enzymes
Definition of Age dependent reference values for Diameter of the common bile duct and ancreatic duct on MRCP from a Population based cohort study
Genome-wide association study identifies inversion in the CTRB1-CTRB2 locus to modify risk for alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis.
Advanced neuroendocrine tumours of the small intestine and pancreas: clinical developments, controversies, and future strategies.
3rd St. Gallen EORTC Gastrointestinal Cancer Conference: Consensus recommendations on controversial issues in the primary treatment of pancreatic cancer.
NLRP3 Inflammasome activation in macrophages regulates systemic Inflammation and severity during acute pancreatitis
The Impact of Positive Resection Margins on Survival and Recurrence Following Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
[Cost assessment for endoscopic procedures in the German diagnosis-related-group (DRG) system - 5 year cost data analysis of the German Society of Gastroenterology project].
Chronic pancreatitis.
Newcastle disease virus mediates pancreatic tumor rejection via NK cell activation and prevents cancer relapse by prompting adaptive immunity.
Necrosis, Apoptosis, Necroptosis, Pyroptosis: It Matters How Acinar Cells Die During Pancreatitis.
Roles of autophagy and metabolism in pancreatic cancer cell adaptation to environmental challenges.
United European Gastroenterology evidence-based guidelines for the diagnosis and therapy of chronic pancreatitis (HaPanEU).
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Ductal Mucus Obstruction and Reduced Fluid Secretion Are Early Defects in Chronic Pancreatitis.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
The Importance of Aquaporin 1 in Pancreatitis and Its Relation to the CFTR Cl Channel.
Das Mikrobiom des infizierten Magens und Duodenums
Deficiency of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduction of neutrophil elastase activation and cleavage of E-cadherin.
Common variants in the CLDN2-MORC4 and PRSS1-PRSS2 loci confer susceptibility to acute pancreatitis.
Regulation of transcription factors in the ER stress recognition System during acute pancreatitis
Adaptive immune Response during acute pancreatitis is regulated by NLRP3 inflammasome activation via Interleukin 18
Pink1-Parkin mediated mitophagy in acute pancreatitis
Non classical macrophage polarization regulates the immune response during acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin D reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten Pankreatitis über eine Aktivierung von Cathepsin D inflammatorischer Zellen
European evidence-based guidelines on pancreatic cystic neoplasms.
Genetics and pathophysiology of pancreatitis.
Reply.
Loss of TLR3 and its downstream signaling accelerates acinar cell damage in the acute phase of pancreatitis.
Perivascular Tumor-Infiltrating Leukocyte Scoring for Prognosis of Resected Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients.
Accelerating the Drug Delivery Pipeline for Acute and Chronic Pancreatitis: Summary of the Working Group on Drug Development and Trials in Chronic Pancreatitis at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Workshop.
Diagnostic and Treatment Algorithms of Pancreatic Cystic Tumors.
Management Algorithm for Cystic Pancreatic Lesions.
Cystic Lesions of the Pancreas.
[Pancreatic Cancer in the Year 2018 - Room for Precision Medicine?]
[Chronic Pancreatitis and Pancreatic Cancer - Tumor Risk and Screening].
Correlation Between Baseline Osteoprotegerin Serum Levels and Prognosis of Advanced-Stage Colorectal Cancer Patients.
Evolutionary routes and KRAS dosage define pancreatic cancer phenotypes.
Patterns of Resistance-Associated Substitutions in Patients With Chronic HCV Infection Following Treatment With Direct-Acting Antivirals.
Role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and protein misfolding in disorders of the liver and pancreas
The impact of physiological stress conditions on protein structure and trypsin inhibition of serine protease inhibitor Kazal type 1 (SPINK1) and its N34S variant.
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Absence of the neutrophil serine protease cathepsin G decreases neutrophil granulocyte infiltration but does not change the severity of acute pancreatitis.
Early trypsin activation develops independently of autophagy in caerulein-induced pancreatitis in mice.
Macrophage-derived cytokines of the IL1 Family simultaneously regulate pro-and anti-Inflammation during severe acute pancreatitis
The depletion of Foxp3+/CD25+ regulatory T cells drives a Th2 immune Response and reduces severity in a mouse model of acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin D Expression mediates gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer
Depletion of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduced activation of elastase in neutrophil granulocytes
Die lysosomale Protease Cathepsin C beeinflusst über Aktivierung von neutrophilen Serinproteasen die akute Pankreatitis
Patterns of Recurrence After Resection of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma: A Secondary Analysis of the ESPAC-4 Randomized Adjuvant Chemotherapy Trial.
Accelerating the Drug Delivery Pipeline for Acute and Chronic Pancreatitis-Knowledge Gaps and Research Opportunities: Overview Summary of a National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Workshop.
The role of the gastric bacterial microbiome in gastric cancer:  and beyond.
Patients with cirrhosis and SBP: Increase in multidrug-resistant organisms and complications.
Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt for patients with liver cirrhosis: survey evaluating indications, standardization of procedures and anticoagulation in 43 German hospitals.
Efficacy of Retreatment After Failed Direct-acting Antiviral Therapy in Patients With HCV Genotype 1-3 Infections.
Clinical Evidence on the Interaction Between MLK4, KRAS and Microsatellite Instability to Determine the Prognosis of Early-Stage Colorectal Carcinoma.
Prolonged time to treatment initiation in advanced pancreatic cancer patients has no major effect on treatment outcome: a retrospective cohort study controlled for lead time bias and waiting time paradox.
Circulating DNA as prognostic biomarker in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: a translational exploratory study from the SORAMIC trial.
Antifibrotic effects of hypocalcemic vitamin D analogs in murine and human hepatic stellate cells and in the CCl mouse model.
Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma: biological hallmarks, current status, and future perspectives of combined modality treatment approaches.
Future research demands of the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) and its member societies.
Predictors of ribociclib-mediated antitumour effects in native and sorafenib-resistant human hepatocellular carcinoma cells.
Risk Stratification and Early Conservative Treatment of Acute Pancreatitis.
Antibiotic therapy in acute pancreatitis: From global overuse to evidence based recommendations.
The PI3K inhibitor copanlisib synergizes with sorafenib to induce cell death in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Ring1b-dependent epigenetic remodelling is an essential prerequisite for pancreatic carcinogenesis.
Evaluating the best empirical antibiotic therapy in patients with acute-on-chronic liver failure and spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
Age independent survival benefit for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) without metastases at diagnosis: a population-based study.
Experimental pancreatitis is characterized by rapid T cell activation, Th2 differentiation that parallels disease severity, and improvement after CD4 T cell depletion.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Role of microlithiasis-induced NLRP3-inflammasome activation in the development of acute pancreatitis
Depletion of CD25+/FoxP3+ regulatory T cells increases fibrosis in a chronic model of pancreatitis
[COVID-19 from a gastroenterological perspective].
Limits of the G-DRG system to reflect Complexity in German University Hospitals
International consensus guidelines on surveillance for pancreatic cancer in chronic pancreatitis. Recommendations from the working group for the international consensus guidelines for chronic pancreatitis in collaboration with the International Association of Pancreatology, the American Pancreatic Association, the Japan Pancreas Society, and European Pancreatic Club.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
A Hypothesized Mechanism for Chronic Pancreatitis Caused by the N34S Mutation of Serine Protease Inhibitor Kazal-Type 1 Based on Conformational Studies
Higher Trimethylamine--Oxide Plasma Levels with Increasing Age Are Mediated by Diet and Trimethylamine-Forming Bacteria.
Pancreatitis severity in mice with impaired CFTR function but pancreatic sufficiency is mediated via ductal and inflammatory cells-Not acinar cells.
Early infection is an independent risk factor for increased mortality in patients with culture-confirmed infected pancreatic necrosis.
Tumor-Specific Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil-Incorporated Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-Targeted Aptamers as an Efficient Treatment in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Models.
Plasma Metabolome Profiling Identifies Metabolic Subtypes of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
Identification and validation of a multivariable prediction model based on blood plasma and serum metabolomics for the distinction of chronic pancreatitis subjects from non-pancreas disease control subjects.
hENT1 Predicts Benefit from Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Cancer but Only with Low CDA mRNA.
German Terminology of the Revised Atlanta Classification of Acute Pancreatitis: Glossary Based on the New German S3 Guideline on Acute, Chronic, and Autoimmune Pancreatitis
Update 2021: COVID-19 from the perspective of gastroenterology
Evidence for increased SARS-CoV-2 susceptibility and COVID-19 severity related to pre-existing immunity to seasonal coronaviruses.
Novel Insights Into Macrophage Diversity During the Course of Pancreatitis.
Deficiency in X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein promotes susceptibility to microbial triggers of intestinal inflammation.
Current State of Multidisciplinary Treatment in Cholangiocarcinoma
Genomic epidemiology reveals multiple introductions of SARS-CoV-2 followed by community and nosocomial spread, Germany, February to May 2020.
Lipase elevation
Conservative or surgical treatment of chronic pancreatitis?
Liver function test abnormalities at hospital admission are associated with severe course of SARS-CoV-2 infection: a prospective cohort study.
Albumin Might Attenuate Bacteria-Induced Damage on Kupffer Cells for Patients with Chronic Liver Disease.
Correction: Bacterial lipopolysaccharide as negative predictor of gemcitabine efficacy in advanced pancreatic cancer - translational results from the AIO-PK0104 Phase 3 study.
Dynamics of SARS-CoV-2 shedding in the respiratory tract depends on the severity of disease in COVID-19 patients.
Prediction of COVID-19 deterioration in high-risk patients at diagnosis: an early warning score for advanced COVID-19 developed by machine learning.
NMR-Based Lipid Metabolite Profiles to Predict Outcomes in Patients Undergoing Interventional Therapy for a Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC): A Substudy of the SORAMIC Trial.
Congenital heart disease-associated liver disease: a narrative review.
X-change symposium: status and future of modern radiation oncology-from technology to biology.
Management of Cystic Lesions of the Pancreas
Circulating Cell-Free DNA Combined to Magnetic Resonance Imaging for Early Detection of HCC in Patients with Liver Cirrhosis.
Incidental Finding of a PSMA-Positive Pancreatic Cancer in a Patient Suffering from a Metastasized PSMA-Positive Prostate Cancer.
Tuberculous perihepatic abscess and neurosarcoidosis: report of 2 uncommon manifestations of 2 common granulomatous diseases in 1 patient.
Influence of COVID-19 Pandemic on Endoscopic Procedures in Two European Large-Capacity Endoscopy Units: "Keep Calm, Keep Safe and Scope on?"
Prevalence, Resistance Rates, and Risk Factors of Pathogens in Routine Bile Cultures Obtained during Endoscopic Retrograde Cholangiography.