Dhople V	FIS_2149
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
Activation of the alternative sigma factor SigB of Staphylococcus aureus following internalization by epithelial cells - an in vivo proteomics perspective.
Proteome analysis of heart biopsies using a TRIzol-based protein extraction.
Comparative evaluation of peptide desalting methods for salivary proteome analysis.
Tumor-derived microvesicles mediate human breast cancer invasion through differentially glycosylated EMMPRIN.
Fluvastatin mediated breast cancer cell death: a proteomic approach to identify differentially regulated proteins in MDA-MB-231 cells.
Brain derived neurotrophic factor contributes to the cardiogenic potential of adult resident progenitor cells in failing murine heart
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
Activated Protein C Ameliorates Renal Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury by Restricting Y-Box Binding Protein-1 Ubiquitination.
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Huwe1-mediated ubiquitylation of dishevelled defines a negative feedback loop in the Wnt signaling pathway.
Proteomic profile of platelets during reconstitution of platelet counts after apheresis.
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
Proteome data from a host-pathogen interaction study with Staphylococcus aureus and human lung epithelial cells.
Pathophysiological aldosterone levels modify the secretory activity of cardiac progenitor cells.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
Impact of blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
Data on the impact of the blood sample collection methods on blood protein profiling studies.
Plasma protein absolute quantification by nano-LC Q-TOF UDMSE for clinical biomarker verification.
Analysis of Staphylococcus aureus proteins secreted inside infected human epithelial cells.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
In vivo proteomics identifies the competence regulon and AliB oligopeptide transporter as pathogenic factors in pneumococcal meningitis.
Shotgun proteomic analysis of Bordetella parapertussis provides insights into the physiological response to iron starvation and potential new virulence determinants absent in Bordetella pertussis.
Fumarate dependent protein composition under aerobic and anaerobic growth conditions in Escherichia coli.
Hfq modulates global protein pattern and stress response in Bordetella pertussis.
Impact of Storage Conditions on the Breast Milk Peptidome.
Analysis of DCM associated protein alterations of human right and left ventricles.
From Proteomics to Personalized Medicine: The Importance of Isoflavone Dose and Estrogen Receptor Status in Breast Cancer Cells
The Cardiac Fibroblast in heart failure – an inflammatory cell
Sputum Proteome Signatures of Mechanically Ventilated Intensive Care Unit Patients Distinguish Samples with or without Anti-pneumococcal Activity.
The protease SplB of Staphylococcus aureus targets host complement components and inhibits complement-mediated bacterial opsonophagocytosis.
Cytokine-Mediated Alterations of Human Cardiac Fibroblast’s Secretome
Riociguat attenuates left ventricular proteome and microRNA profile changes after experimental aortic stenosis in mice.
The Vibrio vulnificus stressosome is an oxygen-sensor involved in regulating iron metabolism.