Schomerus, Georg	FIS_20806
Changes in the perception of mental illness stigma in Germany over the last two decades
Attitudes of the German public to restrictions on persons with mental illness in 1993 and 2011
Public attitudes regarding individual and structural discrimination: two sides of the same coin?
Ablehnung von Menschen mit schweren psychischen Erkrankungen
Psychotherapie und Stigma
Werden Psychotherapeuten, Psychiater oder die Psychotherapie stigmatisiert? Systematische Literaturrecherche
Change in depressive symptoms and mental health-related quality of life in northeast Germany between 1997-2001 and 2008-2012
Changes in the perception of alcohol-related Stigma in Germany over the last two decades.
A surveillance tool using mobile phone  short message service to reduce alcohol consumption among alcohol-dependent patients
Not Quite the Same: Illness Beliefs Regarding Burnout and Depressin Among the General Population
The film Festival "Ausnahme / Zustand" (State of Emergency) - Do Feature films and documentaries on mental health reduce Stigma and influence help-seeking attitudes?
Sozialpsychiater und ehemaliger Herausgeber der Psychiatrischen Praxis zu einem der weltweit einflussreichsten Wissenschaftler gekürt
Attitudes towards alcohol dependence and affected individuals: presistence of negative stereotypes and illness beliefs between 1190 and 2011
Stigma Demenz und die Folgen - Über Risiken und Nebenwirkungen psychiatrischer Diagnosen.
Public attitudes towards psychiatric medication: a comparison between United States and Germany
Mental and physical health-related Quality of life in obese patients before and after bariatric surgery: A meta-analysis.
Biogenetic Explanation and emotional reactions to People with schizophrenia and Major depressive disorder.
Weight Related Stigmatisation of Oese Individuls in Somatic and Mental Health Care - are there Differences?
Different biogenetic causal explanations and attitudes towards persons with major depression, schizophrenia and alcohol dependence: is the concepte of a chemical imbalance beneficial?
Continuum beliefs and attitudes towards People with mental illness: Results from a national Survey in France
[Mental Health Care Utilization of First Generation Vietnamese Migrants in Germany.]
The relationship between biogenetic attributions and desire for social distance from persons with schizophrenia and major depression revisited.
[Screening for depression by telephone using the German version of the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression Scale (CES-D)].
Causal beliefs of the public and social acceptance of persons with mental illness: a comparative analysis of schizophrenia, depression and alcohol dependence.
[Stimulating mental health services research: what are the implications of the new DGPPN S3-guideline for psycho-social therapies?].
Mobiltelefonische Interventionen nach Entzugsbehandlung alkoholabhängiger Patienten
Nicht ganz dasselbe: Krankheitsvorstellungen von Burnout und Depression in der Allgemeinbevölkerung
The public debate on psychotropic medication and changes in attitudes 1990–2011
Do attitudes towards persons with mental illness worsen during the course of life? An age-period-cohort analysis
Trends of barriers to eye care among adults with diagnosed diabetes in Germany, 1997-2012
Approval of psychotherapy and medication for the treatment of mental disorders over the lifespan. An age period cohort analysis.
Cultural differences in stigma surrounding schizophrenia: comparison between Central Europe and North Africa.
The downside of tobacco control? Smoking and self-stigma: A systematic review.
Impact of the Germanwings plane crash on mental illness stigma: results from two population surveys in Germany before and after the incident.
[The Stigma Depression - An Interaction Between the Public Discourse and Accounts on the Lived Experience.]
The association of BMI and social distance towards obese individuals is mediated by sympathy and understanding.
[Not Quite the Same: Illness Beliefs Regarding Burnout and Depression Among the General Population].
Mental and physical health-related quality of life in obese patients before and after bariatric surgery: a meta-analysis.
[Weight Related Stigmatisation of Obese Individuals in Somatic and Mental Health Care - are there Differences?].
Wo steht die Sozialpsychiatrie?
Macht Burnout Menschen ärgerlicher als Depression?
Wir brauchen eine Grundhaltung der vorurteilsfreien Begegnung im öffentlichen Raum, auch Zeiten des "Wutbürgers"
State of the art of population-based attitude research on mental health: a systematic review
Developing a research agenda for understanding the stigma of addictions Part I: Lessons from the Mental Health Stigma Literature
Developing a research agenda for reducing the stigma of addictions, part II: Lessons from the mental health stigma literature
Scenarios for the future of mental health care: a social perspective
Attitudes Toward Mental Health Help Seeking as Predictors of Future Help-Seeking Behavior and Use of Mental Health Treatments
Attitude towards psychiatrists: A comparison between two metropolitan cities in India
An online intervention using information on the mental health-mental illness continuum to reduce stigma
[Problems and Implications of Assessing the Risk of Violence of Persons with Mental Illness]
Influence of urbanity on perception of mental illness stigma: a population based study in urban and rural Hanoi, Vietnam
Treatment recommendations for schizophrenia, major depression and alcohol dependence and stigmatizing attitudes of the public: results from a German population survey
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
[50th Anniversary of Psychiatric Attitude Research in Germany]
Public attitudes towards psychiatry and psychiatric treatment at the beginning of the 21st century: a systematic review and meta-analysis of population surveys
Trends in non-help-seeking for mental disorders in Germany between 1997-1999 and 2009-2012: a repeated cross-sectional study
Are some of the stigmas of addictions culturally sanctioned?
[Understanding and Overcoming the Stigma of Addiction]
Shifting blame? Impact of reports of violence and mental illness in the context of terrorism on population attitudes towards persons with mental illness in Germany
[Psychosis, Intoxication or Serotonin Syndrome? - A 20-Year Old Male with Ziprasidone und Sertraline]
The Stigma of Mental Illness as a Barrier to Self Labeling as Having a Mental Illness
Associations between causal attributions and personal stigmatizing attitudes in untreated persons with current mental health problems
Public attitudes towards psychiatrists in the metropolitan area of Hanoi, Vietnam
Attitude toward psychiatrists and psychiatric medication: A survey from five metropolitan cities in India
[Depression Literacy – German Translation and Testing of the Depression Literacy Scale]
Individuals with currently untreated mental illness: Causal beliefs and readiness to seek help.
Das Stigma von Suchterkrankungen verstehen und überwinden. Memorandum.
12-year changes in cardiovascular risk factors in people with major depressive or bipolar disorder: a prospective cohort analysis in Germany.
Stigma as a barrier to recognizing personal mental illness and seeking help: a prospective study among untreated persons with mental illness.
The relationship between causal beliefs and desire for social distance towards people with schizophrenia and depression: Results from a survey of young Ghanaian adults.
Treatment recommendation differences for schizophrenia and major depression: a population-based study in a Vietnamese cohort.
Psychometric validation of the self-identification of having a mental illness (SELF-I) scale and the relationship with stigma and help-seeking among young people
Impact of perceived course of illness on the desire for social distance towards people with symptoms of schizophrenia in Hanoi, Vietnam
Is knowledge "half the battle"? The role of depression literacy in help-seeking among a non-clinical sample of adults with currently untreated mental health problems
Who is seeking whom? A person-centred approach to help-seeking in adults with currently untreated mental health problems via latent class analysis
Perceived stigmatization and discrimination of people with mental illness: A survey-based study of the general population in five metropolitan cities in India
Public attitude towards restrictions on persons with mental illness in greater Hanoi area, Vietnam
Layered stigma? Co-occurring depression and obesity in the public eye
ADHD, stigma and continuum beliefs: A population survey on public attitudes towards children and adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
[Mental Health Research - "Lost in Translation?"]
A Prospective Study on Structural and Attitudinal Barriers to Professional Help-Seeking for Currently Untreated Mental Health Problems in the Community.
Validity and psychometric properties of the Self-Identification as Having a Mental Illness Scale (SELF-I) among currently untreated persons with mental health problems.
Title: Brief Implicit Association Tests of Stigmatizing Attitudes, Awareness of Mental Distress and Label-Avoidance: A Study in People with Depressive Symptoms.
Substance Abuse-Related Self-Stigma in Women with Substance Use Disorder and Comorbid Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
[A Vision for a Different Psychiatry, what we Lose and what Lasts - Obituary for Harald J. Freyberger].
Shame, self-identification with having a mental illness, and willingness to seek help in northeast Germany
Die Anwendung der Beschwerdeliste-38 zur Erhebung subjektiver Gesundheitsbeschwerden in einer epidemiologischen Kohortenstudie (Study of Health in Pomerania, SHIP)
Effect of a 1-year short message service in detoxified alcohol-dependent patients: a multi-center, open-label randomized controlled trial.
Same same-but different: using qualitative studies to inform concept elicitation for quality of life assessment in telemedical care: a request for an extended working model