Haralambiev, Lyubomir	FIS_86958
Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Expression of Chemokines, Growth Factors, TNF Superfamily Members, Interleukins, and Cytokines in Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Shoulder girdle injuries involving the medial clavicle differ from lateral clavicle injuries with a focus on concomitant injuries and management strategies: A retrospective study based on nationwide routine data
Determination of In Vitro Membrane Permeability by Analysis of Intracellular and Extracellular Fluorescein Signals in Renal Cells
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
Cold atmospheric plasma inhibits the growth of osteosarcoma cells by inducing apoptosis, independent of the device used
Clinical and radiological follow-up after free vascularised fibula transplantation for bone defects of the upper extremity with MRI and MR-angiography
Detection of fractures of hand and forearm in whole-body CT for suspected polytrauma in intubated patients
Medial injuries of the clavicle: more prevalent than expected? A big data analysis of incidence, age, and gender distribution based on nationwide routine data
Digital versus analogue record Systems for mass casualty incidents at sea.Results from an exploratory study
The Application of a Low-temperature Physical Plasma Device Operating Under Atmospheric Pressure Leads to the Production of Toxic NO2
Cold Atmospheric Plasma Treatment of Chondrosarcoma Cells Affects Proliferation and Cell Membrane Permeability
The Effect of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Membrane Permeability of Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Determination of Immediate vs. Kinetic Growth Retardation in Physically Plasma-treated Cells by Experimental and Modelling Data
An Innovative Therapeutic Option for the Treatment of Skeletal Sarcomas: Elimination of Osteo- and Ewing's Sarcoma Cells Using Physical Gas Plasma
Inhibition of angiogenesis by treatment with cold atmospheric plasma  as a promising therapeutic approach in oncology
Acromioclavicular and sternoclavicular joint dislocations indicate severe concomitant thoracic and upper extremity injuries in severely injured patients
Judo-Wettkampfverletzungen bei internationalen Nachwuchssportlern
Die Bedeutung von klavikulären Gelenkverletzungen beim Schwerverletzten - Analysen aus dem TraumaRegister DGU ®.
Judo Competition Injuries in International Junior Athletes
Review of Innovative Physical Therapy Methods: Introduction to the Principles of Cold Physical Plasma
Protherapeutic Effects and Inactivation of Mammary Carcinoma Cells by a Medical Argon Plasma Device
The plasma-induced leukemia cell death is dictated by the ROS chemistry and the HO-1/IL8 axis
A mass casualty incident of infectious diseases at the port of Hamburg: an analysis of organizational structures and emergency concepts
Non-Invasive Physical Plasma Enhances the Membrane Permeability to Low Molecular Weight Compounds and Subsequently Leads to the Loss of Cellular ATP and the Devitalization of Epithelial Cancer Cells.
A mass casualty incident of infectious diseases at the port of Hamburg: an analysis of organizational structures and emergency concepts
A mass casualty incident of infectious diseases at the port of Hamburg: an analysis of organizational structures and emergency concepts.
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
New Approach against Chondrosoma Cells-Cold Plasma Treatment Inhibits Cell Motility and Metabolism, and Leads to Apoptosis.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
New Approach against Chondrosoma Cells-Cold Plasma Treatment Inhibits Cell Motility and Metabolism, and Leads to Apoptosis.
Orthopaedic applications of cold physical plasma.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.
Orthopaedic applications of cold physical plasma.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.
Virtuelle Stabsarbeit in Zeiten der Pandemie – Entwicklung digitaler Übungsformate in der zivilen Gefahrenabwehr während der Coronapandemie