Heckmann, Matthias	FIS_24955
Management of infants born with severe neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: the role of platelet transfusions and intravenous immunoglobulin.
Major cardiac surgery induces an increase in sex steroids in prepubertal children.
Erfolgreiche Therapie einer metamizolinduzierten Agranulozytose bei septischen Schock mit Sargramostim.
Populationsbasierte Untersuchung zur Inzidenz des Alkoholkonsums in der Schwangerschaft in Ostvorpommern: Die SNiP-Geburtskohorte
SNIP und was nun? Welche Fragen beantwortet eine Geburtskohorte?
Eating problems in very low birthweight children are highest during the first year and independent risk factors include duration of invasive ventilation.
Prophylactic use of Lactobacillus acidophilus/Bifidobacterium infantis probiotics and outcome in very low birth weight infants.
Reduction in cortisol inactivation is part of the adrenal stress response to cardiac and noncardiac pediatric surgery: a prospective study using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis.
Early postnatal additional high-dose oral vitamin A supplementation versus placebo for 28 days for preventing bronchopulmonary dysplasia or death in extremely low birth weight infants.
Non-immune Hydrops fetalis due to Parvovirus B19 Infection in 2 Extremely Preterm Infants: Perinatal Management and Long-term Neurodevelopmental Outcome.
High flow nasal cannluae therapy- eine Therapieoption bei viraler Bronchiolitis
Role of sex steroids and their receptors in human preterm infants: Impacts on future treatment strategies for cerebral development.
Permissive hypercapnia in extremely low birthweight infants (PHELBI): a randomised controlled multicentre trial.
Fetale MRT – Pränatale Darstellung einer Lungenhypoplasie
Method for generating highly pure culture of mouse derived Oligospheres under hypoxic conditions
Physiological adjustment to postnatal growth trajectories in healthy preterm infants
Breastfeeding motivation in Pomerania: Survey of neonates in Pomerania (SNiP-Study)
The impact of socioeconomic factors on the efficiency of voluntary toxoplasmosis screening during pregnancy: a population-based study.
Retinal vascular development with 0.312mg intravitreal bevacizumab to treat severe posterior retinopathy of prematurity
Gene expression profiling at birth characterizing the preterm Infant with early onset infection.
GM-CSF as successful salvage therapy of metamizole (dipyrone)- induced agranulocytosis with Fournier's gangrene and severe septic shock in an adolescent.
Glucocorticoid Receptor Gene Variants and Neonatal Outcome in Very-Low-Birth-Weight Preterm Infants.
Length Normalized Indices for Fat Mass and Fat-Free Mass in Preterm and Term Infants during the First Six Months of Life.
Less Neutrophil Extracellular Trap Formation in Term Newborn than Adults
Population-based study of the incidence of congenital hip dysplasia in preterm infants from the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Protective Effects of Fetal Zone Steroids Are Comparable to Estradiol in Hyperoxia-Induced Cell Death of Immature Glia
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of extremely low birthweight infants randomised to different PCO2 targets: the PHELBI follow-up study.
Up-date on the NeoVitaA Trial: Obstacles, challenges, perspectives, and local experiences.
Influence of PCO2 Control on Clinical and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of Extremely Low Birth Weight Infants.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006.
Evaluation of neonatal and maternal morbidity in mothers with gestational diabetes: a population-based study.
Source and Quality of Enteral Nutrition Influences Oxidative Stress in Preterm Infants: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Ante-, peri- and postnatal factors associated with intraventricular hemorrhage in very premature infants.
Save the Children by Treating Their Mothers (PriVileG-M-Study) - Study Protocol: A Sequentially Randomized Controlled Trial of Individualized Psychotherapy and Telemedicine to Reduce Mental Stress in Pregnant Women and Young Mothers and to Improve Child's Health
Cost analysis showed that feeding preterm infants with donor human milk was significantly more expensive than mother's milk or formula.
Analyses of pathological cranial ultrasound findings in neonates that fall outside recent indication guidelines: results of a population-based birth cohort: survey of neonates in Pommerania (SNiP-study).
Functional analysis of granulocyte and monocyte subpopulations in neonates.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006
Enzyme Activity of 3 ß-HSD and 11ß-HSD as Important Indicators of Steroid Bio-Synthesis and Inactivation in Preterm Infants
Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP): Study design and cohort update
Impact of Storage Conditions on the Breast Milk Peptidome.
Effects of Liberal vs Restrictive Transfusion Thresholds on Survival and Neurocognitive Outcomes in Extremely Low-Birth-Weight Infants: The ETTNO Randomized Clinical Trial.
Nup133 and ER? mediate the differential effects of hyperoxia-induced damage in male and female OPCs.
Maternal pre-pregnancy underweight as a risk factor for the offspring: Survey of Neonates in Pomerania.
Sepsis related mortality of extremely low gestational age newborns after the introduction of colonization screening for multi-drug resistant organisms.
The neuroendocrine effects of dehydroepiandrosterone and17?-estradiol in the in vitro preterm hyperoxia infant model
Fetal Zone Steroids and Estrogen Show Sex Specific Effects on Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells in Response to Oxidative Damage.
Impact of Gestational and Postmenstrual Age on Excretion of Fetal Zone Steroids in Preterm Infants Determined by Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry.
Light on the horizon? Will Continuous Glucose Monitoring allow for better management of congenital hyperinsulinism?
Endokrinologischer Notfall
Fetal Zone Steroids Show Discrete Effects on Hyperoxia-Induced Attenuation of Migration in Cultured Oligodendrocyte Progenitor Cells.
Preterm ETs Are Significantly Reduced Compared with Adults and Partially Reduced Compared with Term Infants.
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
Association of Administration of Surfactant Using Less Invasive Methods With Outcomes in Extremely Preterm Infants Less Than 27 Weeks of Gestation.
Antenatal Care and Health Behavior of Pregnant Women-An Evaluation of the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania.