Friedrich, Nele	FIS_1213
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
Positive association of serum prolactin concentrations with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality
Relation of insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF binding protein 3 with markers of inflammation: results of a population-based study.
Age and sex specific reference intervals across life-span for insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) and the IGF-I/IGFBP-3 ratio measured by new automated chemiluminescence assays.
Reference Intervals for Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 (IGF-1) From Birth to Senescence: Results From a Multicenter Study Using a New Automated Chemiluminescence IGF-1 Immunoassay Conforming to Recent International Recommendations.
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Optimizing centrifugation of coagulation samples in laboratory automation.
The association between IGF-I / IGFBP-3 and subclinical endpoints - epidemiology faces the limits.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relation of IGF1 and IGF-binding protein 3 with lipid metabolism.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Serum reference intervals of homoarginine, ADMA, and SDMA in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Incidence of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality predicted by symmetric dimethylarginine in the population-based study of health in pomerania
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Higher serum concentrations of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide associate with prevalent hypertension whereas lower associate with incident hypertension.
Predictors of technical success and rate of complications of image-guided percutaneous transthoracic lung needle biopsy of pulmonary tumors.
Association of circulating irisin and cardiopulmonary exercise capacity in healthy volunteers: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
L-Arginine and SDMA Serum Concentrations Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Fasting serum levels of ferritin are associated with impaired pancreatic beta cell function and decreased insulin sensitivity: a population-based study.
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
No association between vitamin D and atopy, asthma, lung function or atopic dermatitis: a prospective study in adults.
Associations of circulating plasma microRNAs with age, body mass index and sex in a population-based study.
Effect of Experimental Thyrotoxicosis onto Blood Coagulation: A Proteomics Study
Gender-specific pathway differences in the human serum metabolome.
Estimated daily salt intake in relation to blood pressure and blood lipids: the role of obesity.
Urine Metabolomics by (1)H-NMR Spectroscopy Indicates Associations between Serum 3,5-T2 Concentrations and Intermediary Metabolism in Euthyroid Humans.
Vitamin D is associated with cardiopulmonary exercise capacity: results of two independent cohorts of healthy adults.
Distinct urinary metabolic profiles associated with serum TSH and FT4 concentrations
Sex differences in urine metabolites related with risk of diabetes using NMR spectroscopy: results of the study of health in pomerania
Measuring Biological Age via Metabonomics – the Metabolic Age-Score
Directional dominance on stature and cognition in diverse human populations.
The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Quality assurance in the pre-analytical phase of human urine samples by (1)H NMR spectroscopy.
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
L-Arginine Derivatives Are Associated with the Hyperthyroid State in the General Population.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
Circulating Irisin Concentrations Are Associated with a Favourable Lipid Profile in the General Population
Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases.
Correction: The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Monitoring of abdominal Staphylococcus aureus infection using magnetic resonance imaging: a murine animal model for hepatic and renal abscesses.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Genome-wide association study of caffeine metabolites provides new insights to caffeine metabolism and dietary caffeine-consumption behavior.
Metabolic Fingerprints of Circulating IGF-1 and the IGF-1/IGFBP-3 Ratio: A Multifluid Metabolomics Study.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits
A principal component meta-analysis on multiple anthropometric traits identifies novel loci for body shape
Plasma proteome and metabolome characterization of an experimental human thyrotoxicosis model.
Serum chemerin is associated with inflammatory and metabolic parameters-results of a population-based study
Reference intervals for Serum Sphingosine-1-Phosphate in the Population-based Study of Health in Pomerania
Urinary metabolomics reveals glycemic and coffee associated signatures of thyroid function in two population-based cohorts.
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Genetic determinants of serum vitamin B12 and their relation to body mass index.
Data on subgroup specific baseline characteristics and serum sphingosine-1-phosphate concentrations in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Urinary Angiotensinogen and Renin Excretion are Associated with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Sex-specific metabolic profiles of androgens and its main binding protein SHBG in a middle aged population without diabetes.
Investigating the causal effect of smoking on hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis in the CARTA consortium.
Genome-wide association study of 1,5-anhydroglucitol identifies novel genetic loci linked to glucose metabolism.
Association between Serum Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Levels and Visceral Adipose Tissue: A Population-Based Study in Northeast Germany.
Estimating the causal effect of body mass index on hay fever, asthma and lung function using Mendelian randomization.
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Two Statistical Criteria to Choose the Method for Dilution Correction in Metabolomic Urine Measurements.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Associations of genetic determinants of serum vitamin B12 and folate concentrations with hay fever and asthma: a Mendelian randomization meta-analysis.
Association of sex hormones with physical, laboratory, and imaging markers of anthropometry in men and women from the general population.
Ceramide Remodeling and Risk of Cardiovascular Events and Mortality.
Associations of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 with bone quality in the general adult population.
Associations Between Plasma Chemerin Concentrations and Bone Quality in Adults From the General Population.
Empowering thyroid hormone research in human subjects using OMICs technologies.
Identification of urine metabolites associated with 5-year changes in biomarkers of glucose homoeostasis.
Circulating metabolites and general cognitive ability and dementia: Evidence from 11 cohort studies.
Association of Circulating Chemerin With Subclinical Parameters of Atherosclerosis: Results of a Population-Based Study.
Low-Circulating Homoarginine is Associated with Dilatation and Decreased Function of the Left Ventricle in the General Population.
Metabolomic profiling implicates adiponectin as mediator of a favorable lipoprotein profile associated with NT-proBNP.
Software-based noise reduction in cranial magnetic resonance imaging: Influence on image quality.
Association of alcohol consumption with allergic disease and asthma: a multi-centre Mendelian randomization analysis.
Molecular Fingerprints of Iron Parameters among a Population-Based Sample.
Messqualität von „low density lipoprotein cholesterol“
Preventing misdiagnosis of diabetes in the elderly: age-dependent HbA1c reference intervals derived from two population-based study cohorts.
Protein-coding variants implicate novel genes related to lipid homeostasis contributing to body-fat distribution.
Left Ventricular Structure in Patients With Mild-to-Moderate CKD-a Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Do Third Molars Contribute to Systemic Inflammation? Results from A Population-Based Study from Northeast Germany
Heterogeneous Metabolic Response to Exercise Training in Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction
Associations of circulating chemerin and adiponectin concentrations with hepatic steatosis.
Relation of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 with prevalent and incident atrial fibrillation in a population-based study.
Plasma Metabolomics to Identify and Stratify Patients with Impaired Glucose Tolerance.
A thyroid hormone-independent molecular fingerprint of 3,5-diiodothyronine suggests a strong relation with coffee metabolism in humans.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Metabolomic profiling identifies novel associations with Electrolyte and Acid-Base Homeostatic patterns.
Relation of IGF-I with subclinical cardiovascular markers including intima-media thickness, left ventricular mass index and NT-proBNP.
The Impact of Childhood Trauma and Depressive Symptoms on Body Mass Index
Measurement Uncertainty Impacts Diagnosis of Diabetes Mellitus: Reliable Minimal Difference of Plasma Glucose Results.
Associations between adipose tissue volume and small molecules in plasma and urine among asymptomatic subjects from the general population.
Screening for New Markers to Assess Thyroid Hormone Action by OMICs Analysis of Human Samples.
The Integrated Research Biobank of the University Medicine Greifswald
Associations of a Panel of Adipokines with Fat Deposits and Metabolic Phenotypes in a General Population.
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Association of proton pump inhibitor use with endothelial function and metabolites of the nitric oxide pathway: A cross-sectional study.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
The effect of spironolactone on diastolic function in haemodialysis patients.
Variation in the SERPINA6/SERPINA1 locus alters morning plasma cortisol, hepatic corticosteroid binding globulin expression, gene expression in peripheral tissues, and risk of cardiovascular disease.
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
Investigation of the interplay between circulating lipids and IGF-I and relevance to breast cancer risk: an observational and Mendelian randomization study.
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
A metabolome-wide association study in the general population reveals decreased levels of serum laurylcarnitine in people with depression
The site of waist measurement impacts the estimation of visceral fat: Results from three-dimensional photonic body scanning.
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
Serum Glycine Levels Are Associated With Cortical Bone Properties and Fracture Risk in Men.
Association of adolescent lipoprotein subclass profile with carotid intima-media thickness and comparison to adults: Prospective population-based cohort studies.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide reference values in community-dwelling older adults.
Links between ectopic and abdominal fat and systemic inflammation: New insights from the SHIP-Trend study.
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Molybdenum Cofactor Catabolism Unravels the Physiological Role of the Drug Metabolizing Enzyme Thiopurine S-Methyltransferase.
Heart-Type Fatty Acid Binding Protein, Cardiovascular Outcomes, and Death: Findings From the German CKD Cohort Study.
Reference Interval for Serum L-Homoarginine Determined with Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay in the Population-Based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
Sex-specific associations of cardiorespiratory fitness and galectin-3 in the general population.
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
The relationship between cortisol awakening response and trait resilience in two patient cohorts and one population-based cohort
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.
Carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerotic plaques are associated with renal function decline: a 14-year longitudinal population-based study.
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.