Ihler, Friedrich Johannes	FIS_115677
Eignung der Bestimmung prozentualer Hörverluste zum Monitoring der Cochlea Implantat Rehabilitation
Population Based Average Parotid Gland Volume and Prevalence of Incidental Tumors in T1-MRI
Parameters for estimating the feasibility of implantation of a semi-implantable bone conduction device (SIBCD) in children and adolescents.
Subgroups in the treatment of nasal polyposis with dupilumab: A retrospective study.
Functional results with active middle ear implant or semi-implantable bone conduction device in patients with comparable hearing loss.
Vestibular and audiometric results after endolymphatic mastoid shunt surgery in patients with Menière's disease.
Low Dose Betahistine in Combination With Selegiline Increases Cochlear Blood Flow in Guinea Pigs.
Factors influencing outcomes in selective neck dissection in 661 patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
From the Bottlecap to the Bottleneck: Frequent Esophageal Impaction of Bottlecaps Among Young Males in a Small University Town.
MicroRNA-182-5p and microRNA-205-5p as potential biomarkers for prognostic stratification of p16-positive oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma.
The course of subjective and objective chemosensory dysfunction in hospitalized patients with COVID-19: a 6-month follow-up.
Diagnosis of Menière's disease according to the criteria of 2015: Characteristics and challenges in 96 patients.
Management of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps in Samter triad by low-dose ASA desensitization or dupilumab
Safety and Efficacy of Blue Light Laser Treatment in Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia
Intratympanal administration of lidocaine in the management of Ménière's Disease
Cancer Stem Cell Markers in Squamous Cell Carcinomas of the Salivary Glands
Lipopolysaccharide decreases cochlear blood flow dose dependently in a guinea pig animal model via TNF signaling
Human microRNA-182-5p and kinectin 1: Potential biomarkers for prognosis in oral squamous cell carcinoma
Role of cancer stem cell markers ALDH1, BCL11B, BMI-1, and CD44 in the prognosis of advanced HNSCC
Cancer stem cell markers in adenocarcinoma of the salivary glands - reliable prognostic markers?
[Assessment of German-Language Information on Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss in the Internet]
Prognostic impact of additional HPV diagnostics in 102 patients with p16-stratified advanced oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma
Cannabinoid Receptor 2 Agonism is Capable of Preventing Lipopolysaccharide Induced Decreases of Cochlear Microcirculation - A Potential Approach for Inner Ear Pathologies
[Episodic forms of vertigo, part I - Menière's Disease]
Akustisches Trauma nach Autounfall
Long-Term Stability and Functional Outcome of an Active Middle Ear Implant Regarding Different Coupling Sites
Benefit of postoperative radiotherapy for early tumors with single ipsilateral lymph node metastasis
The Role of the Internet for Healthcare Information in Otorhinolaryngology
Effects of stimulus repetition rate on electrically evoked auditory brainstem potentials in postlingually deafened adult cochlear implant recipients