Welk, Alexander	FIS_285
A randomized clinical trial on the use of medical Portland cement, MTA and calcium hydroxide in indirect pulp treatment.
Indirekte Pulpatherapie im Milchgebiss: Kalziumhydroxid, Portland-Zement oder MTA? / Indirect Pulp Treatment in primary dentition: calcium hydroxide, Portland cement or MTA?
Sind Mundspüllösungen im täglichen Biofilmmanagement überflüssig?
Hat die Verwendung des Lactoperoxidase-thiocyanat-Wasserstoffperoxid-Systems eine Zukunft in der Entwicklung von Antiseptika und Desinfektionsmitteln?
Antibacterial and antiplaque efficacy of a commercially available octenidine-containing mouthrinse
Association of salivary peroxidase activity and concentration with periodontal health: A validity study.
Inter-and intra-examiner reliability of bitewing radiography and near-infrared light transillumination for proximal caries detection and assessment
Specific and robust ion chromatographic determination of hypothiocyanite in saliva samples
Assessing the effect of multibracket appliance treatment on tooth color by using electronic measurement.
S3-Leitlinie: Häusliches chemisches Biofilmmanagement in der Prävention und Therapie der Gingivitis
Speichelperocidaseaktivität und -konzentraltion in Relation zur parodontalen Gesundheit (Salivary peroxidase activity and concentration in relation to peridontal health)
Metaproteomics analysis of microbial diversity of human saliva and tongue dorsum in young healthy individuals.
Long-term impact of powered toothbrush on oral health: 11-year cohort study.
Effect of self-assembling peptide p11-4 on orthodontic treatment-induced carious lesions.
New insights in the reproducibility of visual and electronic tooth color assessment for dental practice
RCT on the Effectiveness of the Intraligamentary Anesthesia and Inferior Alveolar Nerve Block on Pain during Dental Treatment
Impact of Powered Toothbrush Use and Interdental Cleaning on Oral Health.
Prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies among dental teams in Germany
So war die Lehre an den Unizahnkliniken in der Pandemie
So kamen die Unizahnkliniken durch die Pandemie
Factors influencing tooth loss in European population
Impact of different oral treatments on the composition of the supragingival plaque microbiome.