Evert, Matthias	FIS_1591
Autoimmune pancreatitis in MRL/Mp mice is a T cell-mediated disease responsive to cyclosporine A and rapamycin treatment.
EEF1A2 inactivates p53 via PI3K/AKT/mTOR-dependent stabilization of MDM4 in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Diagnostik-Score für uterine Sarkome - ein schwerer Weg zum Ziel
Kidney Protein profiling of Wilms´ tumor patients by analysis of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples
Anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies in patients with impaired graft function after liver transplantation.
4EBP1/eIF4E and p70S6K/RPS6 axes play critical and distinct roles in hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT and N-Ras proto-oncogenes in mice.
Activation of ?-catenin and Yap1 in human hepatoblastoma and induction of hepatocarcinogenesis in mice.
Virtual slide telepathology with scanner systems for intraoperative frozen-section consultation.
The antileukoprotease secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor (SLPI) and its role in the prevention of HPV-infections in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Geographical and anatomical influences on human papillomavirus prevalence diversity in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma in Germany.
Rho kinase inhibition mitigates sunitinib-induced rise in arterial pressure and renal vascular resistance but not increased renal sodium reabsorption.
B cell development undergoes profound modifications and adaptations during pregnancy in mice.
Polymorphism of the IL-8 gene and the risk of ovarian cancer.
p53-dependent Nestin regulation links tumor suppression to cellular plasticity in liver cancer.
Dronedarone does not affect infarct volume as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging in a porcine model of myocardial infarction.
SKP2 cooperates with N-Ras or AKT to induce liver tumor development in mice.
Treatment of High-Risk T-NHL with Stem Cell Transplantation: A Single Center Experience.
Expression pattern of the microRNA miR-1 in ovarian cancer cell lines and tumor tissue samples implies a loss of miR-1's tumor suppressor properties
Inactivation of fatty acid synthase impairs hepatocarcinogenesis driven by AKT in mice and humans.
Co-activation of PIK3CA and Yap promotes development of hepatocellular and cholangiocellular tumors in mouse and human liver.
Cardiolipin composition correlates with prostate cancer cell proliferation.
Reassessment of endothelin receptor A expression in normal and neoplastic human tissues using the novel rabbit monoclonal antibody UMB-8.
Activated mutant forms of PIK3CA cooperate with RasV12 or c-Met to induce liver tumor formation in mice via AKT2/mTORC1 cascade.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Aberrant fucosylation sustains the NOTCH and EGFR/NF-?B pathways and has a prognostic value in human intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.