Schipf, Sabine	FIS_1592
Sex-Specific Associations Between Thyrotropin and Serum Lipid Profiles.
Regional differences in the incidence of self-reported type 2 diabetes in Germany: results from five population-based studies in Germany (DIAB-CORE Consortium).
Regional differences of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and prediabetes prevalence are not explained by known risk factors.
[The design of a nationwide cohort study in Germany : the pretest studies of the German National Cohort (GNC)].
Response in individuals with and without foreign background and application to the National Cohort in Germany: which factors have an effect?
Health-related quality of life in women and men with type 2 diabetes: a comparison across treatment groups.
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
Prediabetes and well controlled diabetes are not associated with periodontal disease: the SHIP Trend Study
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
Blood Pressure Control Has Improved in People with and without Type 2 Diabetes but Remains Suboptimal: A Longitudinal Study Based on the German DIAB-CORE Consortium.
Association of Change of Anthropometric Measurements With Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pooled Analysis of the Prospective Population-Based CARLA and SHIP Cohort Studies.
Association between hepatic steatosis and serum liver enzyme levels with atrial fibrillation in the general population: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Association between hepatic steatosis and serum liver enzyme levels with atrial fibrillation in the general population: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Association of Serum Thyrotropin with Anthropometric Markers of Obesity in the General Population.
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Anthropometric markers and their association with incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: which marker is best for prediction? Pooled analysis of four German population-based cohort studies and comparison with a nationwide cohort study.
Regional Variability of Lifestyle Factors and Hypertension with Prediabetes and Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Population-Based KORA-F4 and SHIP-TREND Studies in Germany.
Changes in Waist Circumference among German Adults over Time - Compiling Results of Seven Prospective Cohort Studies.
Predicting risk of substantial weight gain in German adults-a multi-center cohort approach.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Worldwide trends in body-mass index, underweight, overweight, and obesity from 1975 to 2016: a pooled analysis of 2416 population-based measurement studies in 128·9 million children, adolescents, and adults.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Hyperthyroxinemia is positively associated with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in two population-based samples from Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Prediabetes is associated with microalbuminuria, reduced kidney function and chronic kidney disease in the general population: The KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) F4-Study.
Socioeconomic status and anthropometric changes-A meta-analytic approach from seven German cohorts.
Socioeconomic status and anthropometric changes-A meta-analytic approach from seven German cohorts.
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Changes in fat mass and fat-free-mass are associated with incident hypertension in four population-based studies from Germany.
Regional differences of macrovascular disease in Northeast and South Germany: the population-based SHIP-TREND and KORA-F4 studies.
Design and characterization of dietary assessment in the German National Cohort.
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Rising rural body-mass index is the main driver of the global obesity epidemic in adults.
Herpes zoster incidence in Germany - an indirect validation study for self-reported disease data from pretest studies of the population-based German National Cohort.
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
National trends in total cholesterol obscure heterogeneous changes in HDL and non-HDL cholesterol and total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio: a pooled analysis of 458 population-based studies in Asian and Western countries.
Factors associated with habitual time spent in different physical activity intensities using multiday accelerometry
Die Basiserhebung der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie: Teilnahme an den Untersuchungsmodulen, Qualitätssicherung und Nutzung von Sekundärdaten
Personen mit Migrationshintergrund in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie – soziodemografische Merkmale und Vergleiche mit der autochthonen deutschen Bevölkerung
Soziodemografische und erwerbsbezogene Merkmale in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie
Anthropometrische Messungen in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie – mehr als nur Größe und Gewicht
Messung der körperlichen Fitness in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie – Methoden, Qualitätssicherung und erste deskriptive Ergebnisse
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
[Blood pressure measurement in the NAKO German National Cohort (GNC) - differences in methods, distribution of blood pressure values, and awareness of hypertension compared to other population-based studies in Germany].
Design und Qualitätskontrolle der zahnmedizinischen Untersuchung in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie [Design and quality control of the oral health status examination in the German National Cohort (GNC)]
Repositioning of the global epicentre of non-optimal cholesterol.
Repositioning of the global epicentre of non-optimal cholesterol.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
Lung function in the German National Cohort: methods and initial results
Self-reported infections in the German National Cohort (GNC) in the context of the current research landscape
Self-reported cancer in the German National Cohort (NAKO Gesundheitsstudie): assessment methods and first results
Occurrence of bronchial asthma and age at initial asthma diagnosis-first results of the German National Cohort
Height and body-mass index trajectories of school-aged children and adolescents from 1985 to 2019 in 200 countries and territories: a pooled analysis of 2181 population-based studies with 65 million participants.
Research in rural regions for rural regions: Temporary study centers as a method to increase response in population-based studies. Results of the German national cohort in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Educational Level, But Not Income or Area Deprivation, is Related to Macrovascular Disease: Results from Two Population-based Cohorts in Germany
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Association of thyroid function with insulin resistance: data from two population-based studies.
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
Statistical Analysis in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – Specific Aspects and General Recommendations
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Birth Order, Caesarean Section, or Daycare Attendance in Relation to Child- and Adult-Onset Type 1 Diabetes: Results from the German National Cohort
Framework and baseline examination of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
The assessment of cognitive function in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – Associations of demographics and psychiatric symptoms with cognitive test performance
Lifetime and current depression in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Lifetime and current depression in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
The bias from heaping on risk estimation: effect of age at diagnosis of hypertension on risk of subsequent cardiovascular comorbidities.