Greinacher, Andreas	FIS_2217
Management of infants born with severe neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: the role of platelet transfusions and intravenous immunoglobulin.
Evaluation of a New German blood donor questionnaire.
Characterisation of the p.A1461D mutation causing von Willebrand disease type 2B with severe thrombocytopenia, circulating giant platelets, and defective ?-granule secretion.
Micropatterned array to assess the interaction of single platelets with platelet factor 4-heparin-IgG complexes.
Current insights into the laboratory diagnosis of HIT.
Characterisation of the conformational changes in platelet factor 4 induced by polyanions: towards in vitro prediction of antigenicity.
Proteome Changes in Platelets After Pathogen Inactivation-An Interlaboratory Consensus.
Characterization of bonds formed between platelet factor 4 and negatively charged drugs using single molecule force spectroscopy.
Amplification of bacteria-induced platelet activation is triggered by Fc?RIIA, integrin ?IIb?3 and platelet factor 4.
Anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies in patients with impaired graft function after liver transplantation.
Analysis of 339 pregnancies in 181 women with 13 different forms of inherited thrombocytopenia.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
New insights in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia by the use of fluid-phase assays to detect specifically platelet factor 4/heparin complex antibodies and antibody-secreting cells.
Acquired hemophilia with inhibitors presenting as an emergency: misinterpretation of clotting results during direct oral anticoagulation.
Cochlear implantation is safe and effective in patients with MYH9-related disease.
Prevalence and clinical implications of anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in intensive care patients: a prospective observational study.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Me or not me? The danger of spontaneity.
Binding of anti-platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies depends on the thermodynamics of conformational changes in platelet factor 4.
Why has the demand for platelet components increased? A commentary
Platelet transfusion in hematology, oncology and surgery.
Impact of priming on the response of neutrophils to human neutrophil alloantigen-3a antibodies.
Affinity of FVIII-specific antibodies reveals major differences between neutralizing and non-neutralizing antibodies.
A genome-wide association study of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia using an electronic medical record.
Severe and persistent heparin-induced thrombocytopenia despite fondaparinux treatment.
The transfusion-related acute lung injury controversy: lessons from heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Tolerance of platelet concentrates treated with UVC-light only for pathogen reduction - a phase I clinical trial.
Tranexamic acid for treatment of bleeding in hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis.
[Hemostatic Management of Patients undergoing Ear-Nose-Throat-Surgery].
Reversal of anticoagulants: an overview of current developments.
Erworbene Hemmkörperhämophilie bei einer Notfallpatientin: Fehlinterpretation der Gerinnungswerte unter direkter oraler Antikoagulation
Fehldiagnose HIT bei einem thrombozytopenen Patienten-Fallbeschreibung mit Anmerkungen zur Differenzialdiagnose
HNA antibody-mediated neutrophil aggregation is dependent on serine protease activity.
Another Surprising Finding in Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia - Eat Big.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
Quantitative description of thermodynamic and kinetic properties of the platelet factor 4/heparin bonds.
CLINICAL PRACTICE. Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia.
The impact of noninvasive, capillary, and venous hemoglobin screening on donor deferrals and the hemoglobin content of red blood cells concentrates: a prospective study.
Rare and low-frequency variants and their association with plasma levels of fibrinogen, FVII, FVIII, and vWF.
Mass spectrometric phosphoproteome analysis of small-sized samples of human neutrophils
Human neutrophil antigen-3a antibodies induce neutrophil stiffening and conformational activation of CD11b without shedding of L-selectin.
Flucloxacillin-induced immune thrombocytopenia.
Thrombin generation in two families with MYH9-related platelet disorder.
Further insights into the anti-PF4/heparin IgM immune response.
Polyphosphates form antigenic complexes with platelet factor 4 (PF4) and enhance PF4-binding to bacteria.
A meta-analysis of 120 246 individuals identifies 18 new loci for fibrinogen concentration.
Hemostatic management of patients undergoing ear-nose-throat surgery.
'Chameleonic' Serological Findings Leading to Life-Threatening Hemolytic Transfusion Reactions.
Reduced platelet transfusions and earlier platelet engraftment using alemtuzumab-based conditioning regimen in allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Thrombin generation, ProC(®)Global, prothrombin time and activated partial thromboplastin time in thawed plasma stored for seven days and after methylene blue/light pathogen inactivation
Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia.
Predonation finger lancet punctures: a potential risk factor for interdonor pathogen transmission in the blood donor clinic.
Reversal of dabigatran by idarucizumab: when and how?
Rupture Forces among Human Blood Platelets at different Degrees of Activation.
Assessment of human platelet survival in the NOD/SCID mouse model: technical considerations.
Proteomic profile of platelets during reconstitution of platelet counts after apheresis.
Interventional Endoscopy-Opportunities and Limitations.
The European Hematology Association Roadmap for European Hematology Research: a consensus document.
Why is one arm stronger than two arms? IgG4 antibodies in IgG4-related autoimmune pancreatitis.
A population based longitudinal study on the implications of demographics on future blood supply
Interference of New Drugs with Compatibility Testing for Blood Transfusion.
Management of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Implications of a switch to a 100% apheresis platelet supply for patients and for blood donors: a risk benefit analysis.
Large-Scale Exome-wide Association Analysis Identifies Loci for White Blood Cell Traits and Pleiotropy with Immune-Mediated Diseases.
Platelet-Related Variants Identified by Exomechip Meta-analysis in 157,293 Individuals.
Exome Genotyping Identifies Pleiotropic Variants Associated with Red Blood Cell Traits.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia in 2017 and beyond.
Impact of physical activity of individuals and creatine kinase on 99th percentiles of troponin I assays.
Germline variants in ETV6 underlie reduced platelet formation, platelet dysfunction and increased levels of circulating CD34+ progenitors.
Letter of response to Peters and Vlaar commentary.
Biophysical tools to assess the interaction of PF4 with polyanions.
PDK1 Determines Collagen-Dependent Platelet Ca2+ Signaling and Is Critical to Development of Ischemic Stroke In Vivo.
Platelet activation in the presence of Neutral Protamine Hagedorn insulin: a new feature of antibodies against protamine/heparin complexes.
Warm-reactive (immunoglobulin G) autoantibodies and laboratory testing best practices: review of the literature and survey of current practice.
How I evaluate and treat thrombocytopenia in the intensive care unit patient.
Kosten der Vollblutspende - eine exemplarische Analyse.
A population based longitudinal study on the implication of demographic changes on blood donation and transfusion demand
Antenatal management in fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: a systematic review.
Comparison of HapMap and 1000 Genomes Reference Panels in a Large-Scale Genome-Wide Association Study.
Comprehensive Rare Variant Analysis via Whole-Genome Sequencing to Determine the Molecular Pathology of Inherited Retinal Disease.
Rationale Indikationsstellung zur Thrombozytenkonzentrat-Transfusion
Patients with Bernard-Soulier syndrome and different severity of the bleeding phenotype.
Longitudinal changes in the Blood Supply and Demand in North-East-Germany 2005-2015
Diagnosis of inherited platelet disorders on a blood smear: a tool to facilitate worldwide diagnosis of platelet disorders.
Emergency transfusion of patients with unknown blood type with blood group O Rhesus D positive red blood cell concentrates: a prospective, single-centre, observational study.
[Recurrent thromboembolisms despite full anticoagulation in a patient with antiphospholipid syndrome].
Anti-platelet factor 4/polyanion antibodies mediate a new mechanism of autoimmunity.
Recessive grey platelet-like syndrome with unaffected erythropoiesis in the absence of the Splice Isoform GFI1B-p37.
Development of RBC transfusion indications and the collection of patient-specific pre-transfusion information.
Platelet factor 4/heparin complexes present their epitopes differently on a solid phase system than on the platelet surface.
Altered timing of riboflavin and ultraviolet light pathogen inactivation improves platelet in vitro quality.
Effect of pH and ionic strength on the binding strength of anti-PF4/polyanion antibodies.
The 99th percentile and imprecision of point-of-care cardiac troponin I in comparison to central laboratory tests in a large reference population
Motivational factors for blood donation in first-time donors and repeat donors: a cross-sectional study in West Pomerania
Platelet transfusion to reverse antiplatelet therapy before decompressive surgery in patients with intracranial haemorrhage
Autoimmune heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Implementation of a rapid HIT immunoassay at a university hospital - Retrospective analysis of HIT laboratory orders in patients with thrombocytopenia.
Magnetic Nanoparticle Labeling of Human Platelets from Platelet Concentrates for Recovery and Survival Studies
Zusammenarbeit aller Krankenhäuser in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern ermöglicht eine deutschlandweit einmalige Studie zur Versorgung der Patienten mit Blutkonserven
Idiopathic catastrophic thrombosis with happy ending.
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
Use of factor concentrates for the management of perioperative bleeding: guidance from the SSC of the ISTH.
Release of Platelet-Derived Sphingosine-1-Phosphate Involves Multidrug Resistance Protein 4 (MRP4/ABCC4) and Is Inhibited by Statins
Platelets kill bacteria by bridging innate and adaptive immunity via PF4 and Fc?RIIA.
Telomerecat: A ploidy-agnostic method for estimating telomere length from whole genome sequencing data.
Preoperative platelet transfusions to reverse antiplatelet therapy for urgent non-cardiac surgery: an observational cohort study
Toward the Relevance of Platelet Subpopulations for Transfusion Medicine.
Secreted Immunomodulatory Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus Activate Platelets and Induce Platelet Aggregation.
The Non-Hemostatic Aspects of Transfused Platelets.
Patient was wrongly diagnosed and repeatedly treated for immune thrombocytopenia for 50 years
Interaction between the Staphylococcus aureus extracellular adherence protein Eap and its subdomains with platelets.
High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin T: Association of Creatine Kinase Catalytic Activity With the 99 Percentile.
Vox Sanguinis International Forum on typing and matching strategies in patients on anti-CD38 monoclonal therapy: summary.
Cold storage of platelets in additive solution: The impact of residual plasma in apheresis platelet concentrates.
Uptake Pathways of Protein-Coated Magnetic Nanoparticles in Platelets.
The role of social media for blood donor motivation and recruitment.
The utility of viscoelastic methods in the prevention and treatment of bleeding and hospital-associated venous thromboembolism in perioperative care: guidance from the SSC of the ISTH.
GNE variants causing autosomal recessive macrothrombocytopenia without associated muscle wasting.
American Society of Hematology 2018 guidelines for management of venous thromboembolism: heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Fibronectin modulates formation of PF4/heparin complexes and is a potential factor for reducing risk of developing HIT.
Distinct Binding Characteristics of Pathogenic Anti-Platelet Factor-4/Polyanion Antibodies to Antigens Coated on Different Substrates: A Perspective on Clinical Application.
Maternal HPA-1a antibody level and its role in predicting the severity of Fetal/Neonatal Alloimmune Thrombocytopenia: a systematic review.
Diagnosis of hereditary platelet disorders in the era of next-generation sequencing:"primum non nocere".
An international External Quality Assessment for laboratory diagnosis of Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia.
Well-being and return rate of first-time whole blood donors.
Challenging the concept of immunothrombosis.
Role of Platelet Size Revisited-Function and Protein Composition of Large and Small Platelets.
Mean platelet volume is more important than age for defining reference intervals of platelet counts.
Fetal and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: recommendations for evidence-based practice, an international approach.
Reactivity of platelet-activating and nonplatelet-activating anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in enzyme immunosorbent assays under different conditions.
Postnatal intervention for the treatment of FNAIT: a systematic review.
Outcome of an enhanced diagnostic pipeline for patients suspected of inherited thrombocytopenia.
Simplifying the diagnosis of inherited platelet disorders? The new tools do not make it any easier.
Novel phenotypes observed in patients with -linked leukaemia/familial thrombocytopenia syndrome and a biallelic  risk allele as leukaemogenic cofactor.
Not all red cell concentrate units are equivalent: international survey of processing and in vitro quality data.
Characterization of the interaction between platelet factor 4 and homogeneous synthetic low molecular weight heparins.
The impact of physiological stress conditions on protein structure and trypsin inhibition of serine protease inhibitor Kazal type 1 (SPINK1) and its N34S variant.
Defective Zn homeostasis in mouse and human platelets with ?- and ?-storage pool diseases.
Structure and function of the ubiquitin-proteasome system in platelets
Ticagrelor causes false negative functional tests for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Platelet Transfusion in Perioperative Medicine.
Physicochemical Characteristics of Platelet Factor 4 under Various Conditions are Relevant for Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia Testing.
An interdisciplinary approach to diagnose and manage Heparin-induced Thrombocytopenia.
Diagnosis of Inherited Platelet Disorders on a Blood Smear.
Activated platelets kill Staphylococcus aureus, but not Streptococcus pneumoniae - The role of Fc?RIIa and platelet factor 4/heparin-antibodies.
Quantifying single-platelet biomechanics: An outsider's guide to biophysical methods and recent advances.
Characteristics of recipients of red blood cell concentrates in a German federal state
Population-based Analysis of the Impact of Demographics on the Current and Future Blood Supply in the Saarland
Label-free on chip quality assessment of cellular blood products using real-time deformability cytometry
Severe Hemorrhage Associated With Oral Anticoagulants.
Open ADAMTS13, induced by antibodies, is a biomarker for subclinical immune-mediated thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
The Polygenic and Monogenic Basis of Blood Traits and Diseases.
Trans-ethnic and Ancestry-Specific Blood-Cell Genetics in 746,667 Individuals from 5 Global Populations.
Novel manifestations of immune dysregulation and granule defects in gray platelet syndrome.
Highly impaired platelet ultrastructure in two families with novel  variants.
Fetal/neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia: a systematic review of impact of HLA-DRB3*01:01 on fetal/neonatal outcome.
A novel homozygous  variant in 2 sisters with thrombocytopenia and severe bleeding tendency.
Characterization of New Monoclonal PF4-Specific Antibodies as Useful Tools for Studies on Typical and Autoimmune Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia.
Limitations of the particle immunofiltration assay test for diagnosis of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
In Reply.
Real-life evaluation of an automated immunoassay for diagnosis of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Clinical management, ethics and informed consent related to multi-gene panel-based high throughput sequencing testing for platelet disorders: Communication from the SSC of the ISTH.
Pneumolysin induces platelet destruction, not platelet activation, which can be prevented by immunoglobulin preparations in vitro.
Effect of Methylene Blue Pathogen Inactivation on the Integrity of Immunoglobulin M and G
The association between genetically determined ABO blood types and major depressive disorder.
Function of Large and Small Platelets Differs, Depending on Extracellular Calcium Availability and Type of Inductor.
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
Immediate high-dose intravenous immunoglobulins followed by direct thrombin-inhibitor treatment is crucial for survival in Sars-Covid-19-adenoviral vector vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia VITT with cerebral sinus venous and portal vein thrombosis.
Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccination.
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: Construction of a pretest diagnostic score derived from the analysis of a prospective multinational database, with internal validation.
Functional Flow Cytometric Assay for Reliable and Convenient Heparin-Induced Thrombocytopenia Diagnosis in Daily Practice.
COVID-19 patients often show high-titer non-platelet-activating anti-PF4/heparin IgG antibodies.
Proteomics: A Tool to Study Platelet Function.
A Flow cytometric assay to detect platelet activating antibodies in VITT after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination.
Spontaneous HIT syndrome: Knee replacement, infection, and parallels with vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia.
Pharmacokinetics of direct oral anticoagulants in emergency situations - Results of the prospective observational RADOA-registry.
Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia after ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 Vaccination. Reply.
Diagnosis and Management of Vaccine-Related Thrombosis following AstraZeneca COVID-19 Vaccination: Guidance Statement from the GTH.
Erratum: Diagnosis and Management of Vaccine-Related Thrombosis following AstraZeneca COVID-19 Vaccination: Guidance Statement from the GTH.
Platelets modulate T-cell activity
The platelet proteasome and immunoproteasome are stable in buffy-coat derived platelet concentrates for up to 7?days
Acute myocardial infarction and arterial embolism in a patient with newly diagnosed renal mass: management dilemmas! A case report.
Anti-Platelet Factor 4 Antibodies Causing VITT do not Cross-React with SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein
The EHA Research Roadmap: Platelet Disorders.
COVID-19 Vaccine-Associated Cerebral Venous Thrombosis in Germany.
Decline in Pathogenic Antibodies over Time in VITT.
Vaccine-Induced Thrombocytopenia with Severe Headache.
In the Mood for a Blood Donation? Pilot Study about Momentary Mood, Satisfaction, and Return Behavior in Deferred First-Time Donors.
Consensus recommendations on flow cytometry for the assessment of inherited and acquired disorders of platelet number and function: Communication from the ISTH SSC Subcommittee on Platelet Physiology.
Multicentre evaluation of 5B9, a monoclonal anti-PF4/heparin IgG mimicking human hit antibodies, as an internal quality control in hit functional assays: communication from the isth ssc subcommittee on platelet immunology.
Vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT) - update on diagnosis and management considering different resources.
VITT after ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 Vaccination. Reply.
Complicated Long Term Vaccine Induced Thrombotic Immune Thrombocytopenia-A Case Report.
Postmortem investigation of fatalities following vaccination with COVID-19 vaccines.
Heterogeneity of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia after ChAdOx1 nCov-19 vaccination and safety of second vaccination with BNT162b2.
Diagnosing Inherited Platelet Disorders: Modalities and Consequences.
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
10 Years of Experience with the First Thawed Plasma Bank in Germany
Blood Product Supply for a Helicopter Emergency Medical Service
Laboratory confirmed vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia: Retrospective analysis of reported cases after vaccination with ChAdOx-1 nCoV-19 in Germany.
Polyvalent immunoglobulin preparations inhibit pneumolysin-induced platelet destruction.
Platelet-activating anti-PF4 antibodies mimicking VITT antibodies in an unvaccinated patient with monoclonal gammopathy.
The COVID-19 vaccine ChAdOx1-S is not contaminated with sulfated glycosaminoglycans
Comparative analysis of ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and Ad26.COV2.S SARS-CoV-2 vector vaccines.
Author correction: Ex vivo anticoagulants affect human blood platelet biomechanics with implications for high-throughput functional mechanophenotyping
The EHA Research Roadmap: Transfusion Medicine.
Most Anti-PF4 Antibodies in Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia are transient.
Specific inhibition of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 affects multiple signaling pathways and thrombus formation in human platelets.
?-hemolysin of Staphylococcus aureus impairs thrombus formation.
Src-related thrombocytopenia: a fine line between a megakaryocyte dysfunction and an immune-mediated disease.
Divalent magnesium restores cytoskeletal storage lesions in cold-stored platelet concentrates.
The deglycosylated form of 1E12 inhibits platelet activation and prothrombotic effects induced by VITT antibodies.
ABO O blood group as a risk factor for platelet reactivity in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Plasma Isoagglutinin Depletion for Blood Group Independent Plasma Transfusion
Intracranial bleeding under vitamin K antagonists or direct oral anticoagulants: results of the RADOA registry.
Longitudinal Aspects of VITT.
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Laboratory testing for VITT antibodies.
GPVI expression is linked to platelet size, age, and reactivity.
Reduced platelet forces underlie impaired hemostasis in mouse models of -related disease.
A Cross-Sectional Study of Blood Donors' Psychological Characteristics over 8 Weeks.
Genome-wide association study of platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Risk of Blood Bag Lesions Induced by Standard Transfusion Devices
SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Patients with a History of VITT.
Group B Streptococcal Hemolytic Pigment Impairs Platelet Function in a Two-Step Process.
Cytoskeleton Dependent Mobility Dynamics of Fc?RIIA Facilitates Platelet Haptotaxis and Capture of Opsonized Bacteria.
Vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT) - update on diagnosis and management considering different resources: Response to Comment from Yamada et al.
Early recognition and treatment of pre-VITT syndrome after adenoviral vector-based SARS-CoV-2 vaccination may prevent from thrombotic complications: review of published cases and clinical pathway.
Quantitative Interpretation of PF4/Heparin-EIA Optical Densities in Predicting for Platelet-Activating VITT Antibodies.
Dangerous B-cell clones.
Understanding thrombosis with thrombocytopenia syndrome after COVID-19 vaccination.
Assessment of the soluble proteins HMGB1, CD40L and CD62P during various platelet preparation processes and the storage of platelet concentrates: The BEST collaborative study.
Development of SFC-MS Method for Quantification of Eicosanoids Biosynthesized in Primary Human Blood Cells.
A machine-learning model for reducing misdiagnosis in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: A prospective, multicenter, observational study.
"Vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT)-Update on diagnosis and management considering different resources": Comment.
Pharmacokinetics of Phenprocoumon in Emergency Situations-Results of the Prospective Observational RADOA-Registry (Reversal Agent Use in Patients Treated with Direct Oral Anticoagulants or Vitamin K Antagonists Registry).
COVID vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia: Rare but relevant.
Spotlight on vaccine-induced thrombosis and thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT) after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination: Two cases from Germany with unusual presentation.
DNA methylation analysis identifies novel genetic loci associated with circulating fibrinogen levels in blood.
Validation of immunofluorescence analysis of blood smears in patients with inherited platelet disorders.
Platelet transcriptome analysis in patients with germline RUNX1 mutations.
Fc?RIIA-specific DARPins as novel tools in blood cell analysis and platelet aggregation.
Monitoring the SARS-CoV-2 Pandemic: Prevalence of Antibodies in a Large, Repetitive Cross-Sectional Study of Blood Donors in Germany-Results from the SeBluCo Study 2020-2022.
Platelet factor 4 triggers thrombo-inflammation by bridging innate and adaptive immunity.
Intensity of endogenous thrombocytopenia after autologous stem cell transplantation in patients prophylactically transfused with platelets.
Limited concordance of heparin/PF4 antibody assays for the diagnosis of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia: an analysis of the TORADI-HIT study.
Multi-center evaluation of light transmission platelet aggregation reagents: Communication from the ISTH SSC Subcommittee on Platelet Physiology.