Lotze, Martin	FIS_2247
Outcome-dependent coactivation of lip and tongue primary somatosensory representation following hypoglossal-facial transfer after peripheral facial palsy.
I Can't Keep Your Face and Voice Out of My Head: Neural Correlates of an Attentional Bias Toward Nonverbal Emotional Cues
Effects of combining 2 weeks of passive sensory stimulation with active hand motor training in healthy adults.
Comparison of parameter threshold combinations for diffusion tensor tractography in chronic stroke patients and healthy subjects.
Current Smoking and Reduced Gray Matter Volume - a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Verum and sham acupuncture exert distinct cerebral activation in pain processing areas: a crossover fMRI investigation in healthy volunteers
Professional training in creative writing is associated with enhanced fronto-striatal activity in a literary text continuation task.
They are laughing at me: cerebral mediation of cognitive biases in social anxiety.
Post-mortem magnetic resonance microscopy (MRM) of the murine brain at 7 Tesla results in a gain of resolution as compared to in vivo MRM.
Interhemispheric somatosensory differences in chronic pain reflect abnormality of the Healthy side
Alexithymia and brain gray matter volumes in a general population sample
Changes in cortical, cerebellar and basal ganglia representation after comprehensive long term unilateral hand motor training
Genetic, psychosocial and clinical factors associated with hippocampal volume in the general population.
Sequential evolution of cortical activity and effective connectivity of swallowing using fMRI.
Fear potentiated startle processing in humans: Parallel fMRI and orbicularis EMG assessment during cue conditioning and extinction
Theoretical Considerations for Chronic Pain Rehabilitation.
Neural representation of swallowing is retained with age. A functional neuroimaging study validated by classical and Bayesian inference.
Structural alterations in white-matter tracts connecting (para-)limbic and prefrontal brain regions in borderline personality disorder.
SrGAP3 knockout mice display enlarged lateral ventricles and specific cilia disturbances of ependymal cells in the third ventricle.
Automated analysis protocol for high resolution BOLD-fMRI mapping of the fingertip somatotopy in brodmann area 3b.
Gasteditorial: Zukunftsvisionen
Chronic back pain is associated with decreased prefrontal and anterior insular gray matter. Results from a population-based cohort study.
Cognitive Expertise: An ALE Meta-Analysis.
Insular cortex activity and the evocation of laughter.
Inhibition of the primary sensorimotor cortex by topical anesthesia of the forearm in patients with CRPS.
Maladaptive Plastizität bei chronisch neuropathischen Schmerzen
Imaginationstraining
Immobilisation
Schmerzerleben
Neurobiologie des Schmerzes
Preliminary Findings of Cerebral Responses on Transcutaneous Vagal Nerve Stimulation on Experimental Heat Pain.
Morphological and behavioral characterization of adult mice deficient for SrGAP3
The role of global and regional gray matter volume decrease in multiple sclerosis.
Neural correlates of individual differences in anxiety sensitivity: an fMRI study using semantic priming
fMRI evidence for a reduction in affective processing of thermal pain in responders of transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation (TVNS).
Symmetry of fMRI activation in the primary sensorimotor cortex during unilateral chewing.
Brain imaging correlates of recovered swallowing after dysphagic stroke: A fMRI and DWI study
Brain imaging correlates of recovered swallowing after dysphagic stroke: A fMRI and {DWI} study
High Resolution fMRI Investigations of the Fingertip Somatotopy and Variability in BA3b and BA1 of the Primary Somatosensory Cortex.
MRI Biomarkers for Hand-Motor Outcome Prediction and Therapy Monitoring following Stroke.
Voxel-based morphometry in opera singers: Increased gray-matter volume in right somatosensory and auditory cortices.
An exploration into the cortical reorganisation of the healthy hand in upper-limb complex regional pain syndrome
Neuropathische Schmerzen nach Querschnittla?hmung.
Effects of inhibitory theta burst TMS to different brain sites involved in visuospatial attention - a combined neuronavigated cTBS and behavioural study.
Increased ventral premotor cortex recruitment after arm training in an fMRI study with subacute stroke patients
Resting-State-Konnektivita?t in der Schlaganfall-Forschung; Werkzeug der Zukunft fu?r Diagnostik und Therapiemonitoring?
Priming hand motor training with repetitive electric stimulation of the finger tips; performance gain and neural training effects
Connectivity-Based Predictions of Hand Motor Outcome for Patients at the Subacute Stage After Stroke
Transcutaneous auricular vagal nerve stimulation (taVNS) might be a mechanism behind the analgesic effects of auricular acupuncture
The Role of Left Hemispheric Structures for Emotional Processing as a Monitor of Bodily Reaction and Felt Chill - a Case-Control Functional Imaging Study
Structural Alterations in the Corpus Callosum Are Associated with Suicidal Behavior in Women with Borderline Personality Disorder
Inter-individual differences in heart rate variability are associated with inter-individual differences in mind-reading
Voxel-based morphometry in creative writers: Grey matter increase in a prefronto-thalamic-cerebellar network
Motor imagery training: Kinesthetic imagery strategy and inferior parietal fMRI activation
From visual to motor strategies: Training in mental rotation of hands
Maladaptive plasticity in chronic and neuropathic pain
Plasticity as the basis for recovery after stroke
Neurobiological correlates of emotional intelligence in voice and face perception networks
Enhancement of motor learning by focal intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) of either the primary motor (M1) or somatosensory area (S1) in healthy human subjects
Review on biomarkers in the resting-state networks of chronic pain patients
Parcellation of motor cortex-associated regions in the human corpus callosum on the basis of Human Connectome Project data
Physically active life style is associated with increased grey matter brain volume in a medial parieto-frontal network
Intermittent theta burst stimulation over right somatosensory larynx cortex enhances vocal pitch-regulation in nonsingers
Differences in Neuronal Representation of Mental Rotation in Patients With Complex Regional Pain Syndrome and Healthy Controls
Novel findings from 2,838 Adult Brains on Sex Differences in Gray Matter Brain Volume
The association of health-related quality of life and cerebral gray matter volume in the context of aging: A voxel-based morphometry study with a general population sample
Cerebral plasticity as the basis for upper limb recovery following brain damage
Editorial for the special issue "Resting-state fMRI and cognition" in Brain and Cognition
Predicting Training Gain for a 3 Week Period of Arm Ability Training in the Subacute Stage After Stroke
Investigations on maladaptive plasticity in the sensorimotor cortex of unilateral upper limb CRPS I patients
Laughter is in the air: Involvement of key nodes of the emotional motor system in the anticipation of tickling.
Editorial: Promoting Manual Dexterity Recovery After Stroke.
Effects of centric mandibular splint therapy on orofacial pain and cerebral activation patterns.
Brain imaging of chill reactions to pleasant and unpleasant sounds
Effect of CBT on Biased Semantic Network in Panic Disorder: A Multicenter fMRI Study Using Semantic Priming
Tuned to voices and faces: Cerebral responses linked to social anxiety
Arm Ability Training (AAT) Promotes Dexterity Recovery After a Stroke-a Review of Its Design, Clinical Effectiveness, and the Neurobiology of the Actions
Income is associated with hippocampal/amygdala and education with cingulate cortex  grey matter volume.
The Neural Correlates of Face-Voice-Integration in Social Anxiety Disorder.
Functional representation of the symbol digit modalities test in relapsing remitting  multiple sclerosis.
The ENIGMA Stroke Recovery Working Group: Big data neuroimaging to study  brain-behavior relationships after stroke.
Sex-specific association of poor sleep quality with gray matter volume.
Empathic responses to unknown others are modulated by shared behavioural traits.
Die Lücke wird gefüllt
Schmerzpatienten in Bewegung bringen
Hand drauf!
Covid-19 in der Neuroreha–ein Interview mit Prof. Dr. Thomas Platz
Mit allen Sinnen
Sinnesverarbeitung und Training motorischer Funktion
The modulating impact of cigarette smoking on brain structure in panic disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study
Neurozerebrale Wirkung von Aufbissschienen und Konsequenzen für die Praxis
Neurozerebrale Wirkung von Aufbissschienen und Konsequenzen für die Praxis
Effects of centric mandibular splint therapy on orofacial pain and cerebral activation patterns
Modifications in fMRI Representation of Mental Rotation Following a 6 Week Graded Motor Imagery Training in Chronic CRPS Patients
Fronto-parietal involvement in chronic stroke motor performance when corticospinal tract integrity is compromised
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome: Thalamic GMV Atrophy and Associations of Lower GMV With Clinical and Sensorimotor Performance Data
Gray Matter Brain Alterations in Temporomandibular Disorder Tested in a Population Cohort and Three Clinical Samples.
Tactile acuity of fingertips and hand representation size in human Area 3b and Area 1 of the primary somatosensory cortex
Graded motor imagery modifies movement pain, cortical excitability and sensorimotor function in complex regional pain syndrome
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Common neural correlates of vestibular stimulation and fear learning: an fMRI meta-analysis.
Interhemispheric parietal cortex connectivity reflects improvement in post-stroke spasticity due to treatment with botulinum toxin-A.
Association of Brain Age, Lesion Volume, and Functional Outcome in Patients With Stroke.
Functional MRI in Radiology-A Personal Review.