Jünger, Michael	FIS_2232
In Vitro Susceptibility of Multidrug Resistant Skin and Wound Pathogens Against Low Temperature Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Jet (APPJ) and Dielectric Barrier Discharge Plasma (DBD)
"Studies on the Skin Compatibility of Cosmetics Involving Human Subjects"
Compression therapy of leg ulcers with PAOD
Skin and wound decontamination of multidrug-resistant bacteria by cold atmospheric plasma coagulation.
Repetitive Immunoadsorption Cycles for Treatment of Severe Atopic Dermatitis.
Maggots as potential vector for pathogen transmission and consequences for infection control in waste management.
In vitro Empfindlichkeit multiresistenter Haut- und Wundpathogene gegenüber zwei unterschiedlichen Quellen von gewebetolerablem Plasma („atmospheric pressure plasma jet“ = APPJ und „dielectric barrier discharge plasma“ = DBD)
Antibakterielle Wirkung eines elektrochirurgischen Debridements mit kaltem Plasma
Haut- und Wunddekontamination bei multiresistenten bakteriellen Erregern durch Koagulation mit kaltem Atmosphärendruck-Plasma
Antimicrobial Sterile Gloves Reduce Pathogen Transmission in an In Vitro Glove Perforation Model.
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Risk factors for MRSA colonization in dermatologic patients in Germany
Risikofaktoren für eine MRSA-Kolonisation bei dermatologischen Patienten in Deutschland.
Proteomic Changes of Tissue-Tolerable Plasma Treated Airway Epithelial Cells and Their Relation to Wound Healing
Photodynamic therapy in dermatology: Actual indications and new alternative therapies
Wenn oberflächliche Freunde zu tief sitzenden Feinden werden - Mikrobielle Belastung von Haut und Wunden in Klinik und Praxis
Filtration effects of zebra mussels on pathogens and total bacterial burden in the Odra Lagoon (South Baltic).
Importance of modern treatment procedures for infected and colonized wounds in dermatology (Stellenwert moderner physikalischer Behandlungsverfahren bei infizierten und kolonisierten Wunden in der Dermatologie)
The role of the 595-nm pulsed dye laser in treating superficial basal cell carcinoma: outcome of a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Randomized standard-of-care-controlled trial of a silica gel fibre matrix in the treatment of chronic venous leg ulcers.
Laser dermatology - beware the sharks!
Microbial stress of skin and wounds in clinical aspects and practice (Mikrobielle Belastung von Haut und Wunden in Klinik und Praxis)
[Microbial stress of skin and wounds in clinical aspects and practice. Between search and destroy and monitor and relax].
In vitro susceptibility of methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible strains of Staphylococcus aureus to two different cold atmospheric plasma sources.
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstutzungswunsch ambulanter Hauttumorpatienten.
Viability of Lucilia sericata maggots after exposure to wound antiseptics.
Does antibiotic resistance impair plasma susceptibility of multi-drug resistant clinical isolates of enterococci in vitro?
Advantages and disadvantages of graduated and inverse graduated compression hosiery in patients with chronic venous insufficiency and healthy volunteers: A prospective, mono-centric, blinded, open randomised, controlled and cross-over trial.
Treating onychomycosis with the short-pulsed 1064-nm-Nd:YAG laser: results of a prospective randomized controlled trial
In vitro killing of mycobacteria by low temperature atmospheric pressure plasma and dielectric barrier discharge plasma for treatment of tuberculosis
Compression in the treatment of chronic venous insufficiency: Efficacy depending on the length of the stocking.
Interface pressure and venous drainage of two compression stocking types in healthy volunteers and in patients with hemodynamic disturbances of the legs.
Hyperspectral imaging as a novel diagnostic tool in microcirculation of wounds.
Genome-wide association and targeted analysis of copy number variants with psoriatic arthritis in German patients.
Treatment of recalcitrant actinic keratosis (AK) of the scalp by cold atmospheric plasma
Evidenz der Kompressionstherapie
Livedovaskulopathie – eine Erkrankung seltener Blutgruppenmerkmale?
Stationäre Hauttumorpatienten - Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstützungswunsch.
Psychosocial distress and desire for support among inpatients with skin cancer.
Enhanced anticancer efficacy by drug chemotherapy and cold atmospheric plasma against melanoma and glioblastoma cell lines in vitro
Exoproteome Analysis of Human Pathogenic Dermatophyte Species and Identification of Immunoreactive Proteins.
A case of IgA-antiphospholipid Syndrome – a rare clinical variant
„Schmuckvoll konfigurierte Blasen“ am gesamten Integument bei erstdiagnostizierter Colitis ulcerosa
Long-term outcome of open surgery in CVI patients concerning postoperative complications, perioperative hemodynamics and clinical efficacy, Part I.
Hyperspectral imaging: innovative diagnostics to visualize hemodynamic effects of cold plasma in wound therapy
Rolle des Mikrobioms bei chronischen WundenRole of the microbiome in chronic wounds
Medical compression stockings on the skin moisture in patients with chronic venous disease
Psychosocial distress and desire for support among skin cancer patients - impact of treatment setting
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstützungswunsch von Hauttumorpatienten - Einfluss des Behandlungs-Settings
Psychosocial stress of dermatology inpatients and their relatives – Comparison of patients with and without cancer
Innovationen der Kompressionstherapie
Schmuckvoll konfigurierte Blasen “am gesamten Integument bei erstdiagnostizierter Colitis ulcerosa.
Vasculitis allergica – ein nicht-IgE-vermitteltes Hypersensitivitätssyndrom
Analysis of pigmented skin lesions and malignant melanoma by Laser Doppler flowmetry–Report of different cases and further analysis by a neuronal network
Eine seltene kutane Manifestation eines systemischen B-Zell-Lymphoms unter dem klinischen Bild einer seltenen Infektionserkrankung
A rare case of a patient with PPP syndrome presenting pancreatic pseudocysts, panniculitis, and symptoms of polyarthritis. A radicular cyst of the upper jaw could be another manifestation of the syndrome.
Teledermatologie zur notfallmedizinischen Patientenversorgung
Better wearing comfort of knee-length elastic compression stockings with an interface pressure of 18-21 mmHg compared to 23-32 mmHg in elderly people after a one day trial - Influence on foot deformities, rheumatism and arthritis
Long-term outcome of open surgery in CVI patients concerning postoperative complications, perioperative hemodynamics and clinical efficacy, Part II1
Multiresistant Pathogens in Oncological and Cardiological Rehabilitation - Results of a Surveillance Study in Brandenburg
The course of Kaposi's sarcoma, a marker disease for the initial diagnosis of AIDS under ongoing cART.
Influence of Medical Compression Stockings on Skin Hydration in Mainly Health Care Givers with Occupational Leg Symptoms and Edema
Vergleich der HIV-Therapie im städtischen und ländlichen Raum
Allogeneic ABCB5+ Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Treatment-Refractory Chronic Venous Ulcers: A Phase I/IIa Clinical Trial
Validierung der psychometrischen Eigenschaften einer „Modifizierten Version des Hornheider Screening-Instruments“ (HSI-MV) anhand einer Stichprobe ambulanter und stationärer Hauttumor-Patient*innen
Walking instead of standing: Influence of movement on sensations of discomfort and the volume of the lower legs during standing loads
Improvement of dynamic venous function after thermal ablation with steam vein occlusion–6-weeks and 1-year follow-up after 167 treatments.
Validation of the psychometric properties of a "Modified Version of the Hornheider Screening Instrument" (HSI-MV) using a sample of outpatient and inpatient skin tumor patients.
Diagnosis of chronic venous insufficiency