Kocher T	FIS_2185
Tooth Loss, Periodontitis and Statins in a Population-based Follow-up Study
Prediction of periodontal disease: modelling and validation in different general German populations
Clinical factors and self-perceived oral health
Problematik des Knochenabbaus bei einer Parodontitis
Welche Grundlagen braucht die Parodontologie?
Efficacy of different carrier gases for barrier discharge plasma generation compared to chlorhexidine on the survival of Pseudomonas aeruginosa embedded in biofilm in vitro
Parodontitis und Diabetes: Gestörte Mundgesundheit macht hohe Blutzuckerwerte
Sex Differences of Tooth Loss and Obesity on Systemic Markers of Inflammation
Diabetes und Parodontitis - Eine unheilvolle Kombination
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
Comparison of periodontal conditions among three elderly populations in Japan and Germany.
Quantitative molecular detection of putative periodontal pathogens from clinically healthy and periodontally diseased subjects
Abdominal obesity modifies long-term associations between periodontitis and markers of systemic inflammation
Parodontitis: Folgen, Prävention, Therapie
Übergewicht, Diabetes und Parodontitis: Separate Altersrisiken oder Ausdruck einer Entzündungsreaktion?
Is periodontitis prevalence declining? A review of the current literature
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Übergewicht, Diabetes und Parodontitis
A Concept for Clinical Research Triggered by Suggestions from Systematic Reviews About Adjunctive Antibiotics
Changes in Prevalence of Periodontitis in Two German Population-based Studies.
Cold atmospheric plasma in combination with mechanical treatment improves osteoblast growth on biofilm covered titanium discs
Photodynamische Therapie in der Parodontologie - viele Studien, wenig Evidenz
Principles in Prevention of Periodontal Diseases
The Fifth German Oral Health Study (Fünfte Deutsche Mundgesundheitsstudie, DMS V) - rationale, design, and methods
The multi-Center randomized controlled Trial (RCT) published by the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) on the effect of periodontal therapy on glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) has fundamental problems
Prediabetes and well controlled diabetes are not associated with periodontal disease: the SHIP Trend Study
Standards for reporting chronic periodontitis prevalence and severity in epidemiologic studies Proposed standards from the Joint EU/USA Periodontal Epidemiology Working Group.
Epizentrum Parodont - zu Wechselwirkungen zwischen Diabetes mellitus und Parodontitis
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Longitudinal effects of systemic inflammation markers on periodontitis.
The transcriptional landscape of age in human peripheral blood.
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Using genetics to test the causal relationship of total adiposity and periodontitis: Mendelian randomization analyses in the Gene-Lifestyle Interactions and Dental Endpoints (GLIDE) Consortium.
Serum vitamin B12 is Inversely Associated with Periodontal Progression and Risk of Tooth Loss: A prospective Cohort Study
Is progression of periodontitis relevantly influenced by systemic antibiotics? A clinical randomized trial
Principles in prevention of periodontal diseases: Consensus report of group 1 of the 11th European Workshop on Periodontology on effective prevention of periodontal and peri-implant diseases
Prognostic factors for the loss of molars - an 18-years retrospective cohort study
In vitro treatment of Candida albicans biofilms on denture base material with volume dielectric barrier discharge plasma (VDBD) compared with common chemical antiseptics
Neuartige Behandlungsstrategie der Kombination einer Pulverwasserstrahltechnik mit kaltem physikalischem Niederdruckplasma eliminiert Biofilm auf Implantaten – eine intravitalmikroskopische Untersuchung
Novel combined treatment strategy with powder-sandblasting and cold atmospheric plasma eliminates biofilm on implants - an intravital microscopic examination
Cross-sectional association between physical strength, obesity, periodontitis and number of teeth in a general population
Effect of body shape and inflammation on tooth loss in men and women
Studie zu Parodontitis und Körperkraft: Korrelation oder Kausalität?
Magnesium/Calcium Ratio in Serum Predicts Periodontitis and Tooth Loss in a Five-Year Follow-up
Effects of non-thermal atmospheric pressure plasma and sodium hypochlorite solution on Enterococcus faecalis biofilm: An investigation in extracted teeth
Removal of naturally grown human biofilm with an atmospheric pressure plasma jet: An in-vitro study
Is furcation involvement affected by adjunctive systemic amoxicillin plus metronidazole? A clinical Trials exploratory subanalysis
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Kombinationsbehandlung aus kaltem Plasma und einer mechanischen Reinigung führt zum verbesserten Osteoblastenwachstum auf Biofilm kontaminierten Titan
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
NADPH oxidase contributes to resistance against Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans-induced periodontitis in mice
Update zu Parodontalerkrankungen in Deutschland 2014  - Zentrale Ergebnisse der Fünften Deutschen Mundgesundheitsstudie
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Gingivitis and lifestyle influences on hs-CRP and IL6 in adolescents
GWAS Identifies New Loci for Painful Temporomandibular Disorder.
Langzeiteffekte der systemischen Entzündung auf Parodontitis
Rare and low-frequency coding variants alter human adult height.
Gingivitis and Lifestyle influences on high-sensitivity C-reactive protetin and Interleukin 6 in adolescents
Prevention and control of dental caries and periodontal diseases at individual and population level: consensus report of group 3 of joint EFP/ORCA workshop on the boundaries between caries and periodontal diseases.
Systematik einer erfolgreichen Parodontitistherapie- Teil 1
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Systematik einer erfolgreichen Parodontitistherapie- Teil 2
Cross-Sectional Association of Salivary Proteins with Age, Sex, Body Mass Index, Smoking, and Education.
The effect of furcation involvement on tooth loss in a population without regular periodontal therapy
A genome-wide association study identifies nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis.
Association of salivary peroxidase activity and concentration with periodontal health: A validity study.
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Periodontitis and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, a population-based cohort investigation in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Der Parodontaler Screening Index
Phenotype-driven identification of modules in a hierarchical map of multifluid metabolic correlations.
A haplotype block Downstream of plasminogen is associated with chronic and aggressive periodontitis
The PF4/PPBP/CXCL5 Gene Cluster is Associated with Periodontitis
Two Statistical Criteria to Choose the Method for Dilution Correction in Metabolomic Urine Measurements.
Osteoblast growth, after cleaning of biofilm?covered titanium discs with air?polishing and cold plasma
Volkskrankheiten Diabetes und Parodontitis: rechtzeitige Diagnose!
Gingivitis and Lifestyle influences on high-sensitivity C-reactive Protein and Interleukin 6 adolscents
Does periodontitis affect diabetes incidence and haemoglobin A1c change? An 11-year follow-up study.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Comparative analysis of Salivette® and paraffin gum preparations for establishment of a metaproteomics analysis pipeline for stimulated human saliva.
Functional variants of OCTN transporter genes are associated with total and LDL cholesterol in a body mass-dependent manner
The informative error: A framework for the construction of individualized phenotypes.
Editoial: Is the prevalence of periodontitis declining or not?
Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets
Der Parodontitis-Risiko-Score - Via Selbsttest zum Screening
Age-dependent distribution of periodontitis in two countries: Findings from NHANES 2009 to 2014 and SHIP-TREND 2008 to 2012.
Age-dependent distribution of periodontitis in two countries: Findings from NHANES 2009 to 2014 and SHIP-TREND 2008 to 2012.
Functionel variants of carnitine transporter genes are associated with periodontitis and edentulism related to cholesterol and obesity
Mean annual attachment bone level, and tooth loss: A systematic review
Periodontitis: Consensus Report of Workgroup 2 of the 2017 World Workshop on the Classifcation of Periodontal and Peri-Implant Diseases and Conditions.
Periodontitis: Consensus Report of Workgroup 2 of the 2017 World Workshop on the Classification of Periodontal and Peri-Implant Diseases and Conditions.
Mean annual attachment, bone level, and tooth loss: A systematic review
A genome-wide association study identifes nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis
Self-reported oral health predicts tooth loss after five and ten years in a population-based study
Do we treat our patients or rather  periodontal  microbes with adjunctive antibiotics in periodontal therapy? A 16S rDNA microbial community analysis.
Integration of Murine and Human Studies for Mapping Periodontitis Susceptibility.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
Periodontal complications of hyperglycemia/diabetes mellitus: Epidemiologic complexity and clinical challenge.
Third Molars And Periodontal Damage Of Second Molars In The General Population.
Genome-wide association reveals contribution of MRAS to painful temporomandibular disorder in males
New Insights in the Link Between Malocclusion and Periodontal Disease.
Effect of Periodontal Treatment on HbA1c among Patients with Prediabetes.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of coronary artery disease and periodontitis reveals a novel shared risk locus.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of aggressive and chronic periodontitis identifies two novel risk loci.
More teeth in more elderly: Periodontal treatment needs in Germany 1997-2030
Erratum to "Comparison of Oral Microbe Quantities from Tongue Samples and Subgingival Pockets".
Long-term association of Periodontitis with decreased kidney function
Side effects by oral application of atmospheric pressure plasma on the mucosa in mice
The sex paradox in the interplay between periodontitis, obesity, and serum C-reactive protein. Data from a general population
Construction of a biological age score to predict tooth loss over ten years
Genome-wide analysis of dental caries and periodontitis combining clinical and self-reported data.
Metaproteomics analysis of microbial diversity of human saliva and tongue dorsum in young healthy individuals.
Long-term impact of powered toothbrush on oral health: 11-year cohort study.
Plasma Metabolomics to Identify and Stratify Patients with Impaired Glucose Tolerance.
Fibroblast Growth on Zirconia Ceramic and Titanium Disks After Application with Cold Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Devices or with Antiseptics
Diabetes status affects long-term changes in coronal caries - The SHIP Study.
Evaluating Modeling and Validation Strategies for Tooth Loss.  Krois J, Graetz C, Holtfreter B, Brinkmann P, Kocher T, Schwendicke F.
Clinical benefits of systemic amoxicillin/metronidazole may depend on Periodontitis severity and patients' age: An exploratory sub-analysis of the ABPARO trial.
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
The Saliva Metabolome in Association to Oral Health Status
Genome-wide scan identifies novel genetic loci regulating salivary metabolite levels.
Design und Qualitätskontrolle der zahnmedizinischen Untersuchung in der NAKO Gesundheitsstudie [Design and quality control of the oral health status examination in the German National Cohort (GNC)]
Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: Obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery
Effect of periodontal therapy on adipokine biomarkers in overweight.
Chocolate and coronary artery disease
Effects of cold atmospheric pressure plasma and disinfecting agents on Candida albicans in root canals of extracted human teeth
Significant Short-Term Shifts in the Microbiomes of Smokers With Periodontitis After Periodontal Therapy With Amoxicillin and Metronidazole as Revealed by 16S rDNA Amplicon Next Generation Sequencing
Treatment of stage I-III Periodontitis - The EFP S3 Level clinical practice guideline
Proposal of a Clinical Endpoint for Periodontal Trials: The Treat-to-Target Approach
Long-term tooth retention in periodontitis patients in four German university centres
Evaluation of salivary and Serum ADMA Levels in patients with periodontal and cardiovascular disease as subclinical marker of cardiovascular risk
Tooth loss and adiposity: possible role of carnitine transporter (OCTN1/2) polymorphisms in women but not in men.
Individual predisposition and the intricate interplay between systemic biomarkers and periodontal risk in a general population
Association between coronal caries and malocclusion in an adult population.
Impact of Powered Toothbrush Use and Interdental Cleaning on Oral Health.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of muscle weakness identifies 15 susceptibility loci in older men and women.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Increased sphingosine-1-phosphate serum concentrations in subjects with periodontal disease: a matter of inflammation
Salivary metabolites associated with a 5-year tooth loss identified in a population-based setting
Enzymatic biofilm destabilisation to support mechanical cleansing of inserted dental implant surfaces – an in-vitro pilot study
Repeated exposure of the oral mucosa over 12 months with cold plasma is not carcinogenic in mice
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
Is Continuous Eruption Related to Periodontal Changes? A 16-Year Follow-up.
Testing the association between tobacco smoking, alcohol consumption, and risk of periodontitis: A Mendelian randomization study.
Entwicklung der Zahn- und Mundgesundheit in Deutschland von 1997 bis 2014 [Trends in dental and oral health status in Germany between 1997 and 2014]
Ten-year trends in DMF-S and DMF-T in a northeast German adult population Schmoeckel J, Haq J, Samietz S, Santamaría RM, Mourad MS, Völzke H, Kocher T, Splieth CH, Holtfreter B.
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
Association, prediction, generalizability: Cross-center validity of predicting tooth loss in periodontitis patients.
Periodontitis and pulmonary function: a Mendelian randomization study.
Polypharmacy and saliva volumes in the northeast of Germany - The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Prevalence and risk factors of potentially malignant disorders of the mucosa in the general population: Mucosa lesions a general health problem?
At which bone level are implants explanted?
Effekte verschiedener Mundhygienemaßnahmen auf die orale Gesundheit
Prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies among dental teams in Germany
Correction to: Competing interplay between systemic and periodontal inflammation: obesity overrides the impact of oral periphery.
Prof. Dr. Torsten Mundt und Prof. Dr. Thomas Kocher zum Zahnärztetag
So kamen die Unizahnkliniken durch die Pandemie
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Periodontal furcation lesions: A survey of diagnosis and management by general dental practitioners