Hannemann, Anke	FIS_1878
Aldosterone and glomerular filtration - observations in the general population.
Prospective Study of Serum 25-hydroxy Vitamin D and Tooth Loss
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
Association between serum vitamin D concentrations and inflammatory markers in the general adult population.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Plasma Renin Activity and Concentration Reveal Association with the Kininogen 1 and Prekallikrein Genes.
A high aldosterone to renin ratio is associated with high serum parathyroid hormone concentrations in the general population
Lower bone turnover markers in metabolic syndrome and diabetes: The population-based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Fracture risk and risk factors for osteoporosis - results from two representative population-based studies in North East Germany (Study of Health in Pomerania: SHIP-2 und SHIP-Trend)
Regional Variation of Chronic Kidney Disease in Germany: Results From Two Population-Based Surveys.
Positive Association Between Adipose Tissue and Bone Stiffness.
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Thyrotropin serum levels are differentially associated with biochemical markers of bone turnover and stiffness in women and men: results from the SHIP cohorts.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor 8 (MFG-E8) Is a Novel Anti-Inflammatory Factor in Rheumatoid Arthritis in Mice and Humans.
Vitamin D is associated with cardiopulmonary exercise capacity: results of two independent cohorts of healthy adults.
Knochengesundheit in Vorpommern
Increased prevalence of diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome in patients with primary aldosteronism of the German Conn's Registry.
Longitudinal associations between lifestyle and vitamin D: A general population study with repeated vitamin D measurements.
Reference intervals for serum concentrations of three bone turnover markers for men and women.
Sex- and age-specific associations between major depressive disorder and metabolic syndrome in two general population samples in Germany.
Serum protease activity in chronic kidney disease patients: The GANI_MED renal cohort.
Reduced Bone Stiffness in Women Is Associated with Clinical Attachment and Tooth Loss: The Study of Health in Pomerania.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
Prevalence of Malignancies in Patients With Primary Aldosteronism
In Reply
No mediating effects of glycemic control and inflammation on the association between vitamin D and lung function in the general population.
Urinary Angiotensinogen and Renin Excretion are Associated with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Living alone and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system: Differential effects depending on alexithymic personality features.
Associations of aldosterone and renin concentrations with inflammation-the Study of Health in Pomerania and the German Conn's Registry.
The Association between Bone Quality and Atherosclerosis: Results from Two Large Population-Based Studies.
Comprehensive metabolic characterization of serum osteocalcin action in a large non-diabetic sample.
Sex hormones and quantitative ultrasound parameters at the heel in men and women from the general population.
Contamination of dried blood spots - an underestimated risk in newborn screening.
Vitamin D and health care costs: Results from two independent population-based cohort studies.
Childhood Trauma and Functional Variants of 5-HTTLPR Are Independently Associated with Alexithymia in 5,283 Subjects from the General Population.
Definition of Age dependent reference values for Diameter of the common bile duct and ancreatic duct on MRCP from a Population based cohort study
Targeting sphingosine-1-phosphate lyase as an anabolic therapy for bone loss
Physiological Aldosterone Concentrations Are Associated with Alterations of Lipid Metabolism: Observations from the General Population
Associations of insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 with bone quality in the general adult population.
Associations Between Plasma Chemerin Concentrations and Bone Quality in Adults From the General Population.
Long-term stability of glucose: glycolysis inhibitor vs. gel barrier tubes.
Association of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Vitamin D with Depression and Obesity: A Population-Based Study.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
Regulation of sclerostin in glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis (GIO) in mice and humans.
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
Differential activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in response to childhood and adulthood trauma.
Inflammatory markers and imaging patterns of advanced brain aging in the general population.
Posttraumatic stress disorder is associated with reduced vitamin D levels and functional polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein in a population-based sample.
The Membrane Transporter OAT7 (SLC22A9) Is Not a Susceptibility Factor for Osteoporosis in Europeans
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Vitamin D levels are associated with trait resilience but not depression in a general population sample.
Interactions of anemia, FGF-23 and bone in healthy adults - results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Rationale and design of the cardiovascular status in patients with endogenous cortisol excess study (CV-CORT-EX): a prospective non-interventional follow-up study.
Confirmatory testing of primary aldosteronism with saline infusion test and LC-MS/MS.
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Relative Efficacy of Different Strategies for Inhibition of in Vitro Glycolysis.
Alexithymia is associated with reduced vitamin D levels, but not polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein gene.
Lack of Significant Association between Sex Hormone Concentrations and Atopic Dermatitis in Adolescents and Adults in Two Population-Based Studies.
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
A Mendelian randomization study on the effect of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels on periodontitis.
The neurobiology of childhood trauma - aldosterone and blood pressure changes in a community sample
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Evaluation of a pneumatic tube system carrier prototype with fixing mechanism allowing for automated unloading.
Association between bone turnover markers and periodontitis: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Links between ectopic and abdominal fat and systemic inflammation: New insights from the SHIP-Trend study.
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
Renal angiotensin I-converting enzyme-deficient mice are protected against aristolochic acid nephropathy.
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
Relative Wirksamkeit verschiedener Vorgehensweisen zur Hemmung der in-vitro-Glykolyse
Definition of age-dependent reference values for the diameter of the common bile duct and pancreatic duct on MRCP: a population-based, cross-sectional cohort study.