Burchardt, Martin	FIS_2039
New Technique for Prostate Volume Assessment
Androgen receptor (AR) inhibitor ErbB3-binding protein-1 (Ebp1) is not targeted by the newly identified AR controlling signaling axis heat-shock protein HSP27 and microRNA miR-1 in prostate cancer cells.
Differential Expression of the resistance 1 (MDR1) Protein in prostate cancer cells is Independent from anticancer drug Treatment and Y box binding Protein 1 (YB-1) aktiv
Immediate and transient phosphorylation of the heat shock Protein 27 initiates chemorestistance in prostate cancer cells
Heat-shock Protein HSPB1 attenuates microRNA mir-1 Expression thereby restoring oncogenic pathways in prostate cancer cells
Expression pattern of the microRNA miR-1 in ovarian cancer cell lines and tumor tissue samples implies a loss of miR-1's tumor suppressor properties
Master of puppets in prostate cancer: heat shock protein 27 is pulling androgen receptor's strings
Evaluation of new generation drugs for advanced prostate cancer treatment necessitates further understanding of the underlying molecular modes of action
Hemmt Abirateron das Wachstum epithelialer Prostatakarzinomzellen unabhängig von zellulären Androgenrezeptor-Signalwegen?
Development of urologic laparoscopy in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland: a survey among urologists
The contemporary role of ablative treatment approaches in the management of renal cell carcinoma (RCC): focus on radiofrequency ablation (RFA), high-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU), and cryoablation.
Cold atmospheric plasma treatment induces anti-proliferative effects in prostate cancer cells by redox and apoptotic signaling pathways.
Inhibition of Cell Growth of the Prostate Cancer Cell Model LNCaP by Cold Atmospheric Plasma
PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway plays a major pathogenetic role in glycogen accumulation and tumor development in renal distal tubules of rats and men.
Cardiolipin composition correlates with prostate cancer cell proliferation.
Exosomal particles secreted by prostate cancer cells are potent mRNA and protein vehicles for the interference of tumor and tumor environment
Prognostication in localised renal cell carcinoma
One decade of improving palliative care of metastatic renal cell carcinoma by antiangiogenic therapies: time to move toward RCC cure.
Transurethral anatomical enucleation of the prostate with Tm:YAG support (ThuLEP): review of the literature on a novel surgical approach in the management of benign prostatic enlargement.
Acceptance, Prevalence and Indications for Robot-Assisted Laparoscopy - Results of a Survey Among Urologists in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Cytochrome P450 17A1 inhibitor abiraterone attenuates cellular growth of prostate cancer cells independently from androgen receptor signaling by modulation of oncogenic and apoptotic pathways.
Jump in the fire - heat shock proteins and their impact on ovarian cancer therapy.
Der Einsatz von kaltem physikalischen Plasma (Cold atmospheric Plasma) bei chirurgischen Operationen
The Tumor Suppressor MicroRNA-1 Exhibits Restricted Inhibition of Proliferation of Ovarian Cancer Cells.
Drug-induced Modulation of Heat Shock Protein HSPB1 in an Ovarian Cancer Cell Model.
New Treatment Options for Osteosarcoma - Inactivation of Osteosarcoma Cells by Cold Atmospheric Plasma.
In Vitro Cultivation of Primary Prostate Cancer Cells Alters the Molecular Biomarker Pattern.
Cytochrome P450 17A1 Inhibitor Abiraterone Acetate Counteracts the Heat Shock Protein 27's Cell Survival Properties in Prostate Cancer Cells.
Lysophosphatidic acid receptor isoforms expression in prostate cancer cells is differentially regulated by the CYP17A1 inhibitor abiraterone and depends on the androgen receptor
The future therapy of endometrial cancer: microRNA's functionality, capability, and putative clinical application.
MicroRNA-1 properties in cancer regulatory networks and tumor biology.
Urological Complications and BK Virus-Associated Diseases Under Allogenic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Virucide properties of cold atmospheric plasma for future clinical applications
Peroxiredoxin Expression of Human Osteosarcoma Cells Is Influenced by Cold Atmospheric Plasma Treatment.
Detection and Quantification of Nuclear Morphology Changes in Apoptotic Cells by Fluorescence Microscopy and Subsequent Analysis of Visualized Fluorescent Signals
Different Cytokine and Chemokine Expression Patterns in Malignant Compared to Those in Nonmalignant Renal Cells
Microvascular and lymphovascular tumour invasion are associated with poor prognosis and metastatic spread in renal cell carcinoma: a validation study in clinical practice.
MicroRNA-1 and microRNA-21 individually regulate cellular growth of non-malignant and malignant renal cells
Development of a clinical algorithm for treating urethral strictures based on a large retrospective single-center cohort
Adjuvant Treatment of High-risk Renal Cell Carcinoma: Leaving the Desert?
Functionality of the tumor suppressor microRNA-1 in malignant tissue and cell line cells of uterine leiomyosarcoma
Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Expression of Chemokines, Growth Factors, TNF Superfamily Members, Interleukins, and Cytokines in Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Influence of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Cytokine Expression in Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Receptor activator of NF-?B (RANK)-mediated induction of metastatic spread and association with poor prognosis in renal cell carcinoma
[Influence of culture and religion on the treatment of cancer patients].
Determination of In Vitro Membrane Permeability by Analysis of Intracellular and Extracellular Fluorescein Signals in Renal Cells
Cold atmospheric plasma inhibits the growth of osteosarcoma cells by inducing apoptosis, independent of the device used
Cabazitaxel inhibits prostate cancer cell growth by inhibition of androgen receptor and heat shock protein expression
The androgen receptor antagonist enzalutamide induces apoptosis, dysregulates the heat shock protein system, and diminishes the androgen receptor and estrogen receptor ?1 expression in prostate cancer cells
MicroRNA-20a-3p and microRNA-20a-5p exhibit anti-proliferative activities in a melanoma in vitro model
Overexpression of microRNA-1 in prostate cancer cells modulates the blood vessel system of an in vivo Hen's Egg Test–Chorioallantoic Membrane model
Kaltes atmosphärisches Plasma für die urologische Tumortherapie
Kaltes atmosphärisches Plasma - Antineoplastische Effekte auf Nierenzellkarzinom-Zellen
The Effect of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Membrane Permeability of Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Emission of Ultraviolet Radiation from 220 to 280 NM by a Cold Physical Plasma Generating Device
Identification of the Regulatory Targets of miR-3687 and miR-4417 in Prostate Cancer Cells Using a Proteomics Approach