Friesecke, Sigrun	FIS_874
Prevalence and clinical implications of anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in intensive care patients: a prospective observational study.
Improvement of enteral nutrition in intensive care unit patients by a nurse-driven feeding protocol
Tranexamic acid for treatment of bleeding in hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis.
Non-thrombotic fatal pulmonary embolism with a ‘rule-out’ CT scan
Discrepant post filter ionized calcium concentrations by common blood gas analyzers in CRRT using regional citrate anticoagulation.
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Anhaltende Reduktion der Intensiv- und Krankenhausliegedauer bei schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock durch ein kontinuierliches Qualitätsmanagementprojekt über 7,5 Jahre
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
CytoSorb, a novel therapeutic approach for patients with septic shock: a case report.
High-frequency oscillation ventilation for hypercapnic failure of conventional ventilation in pulmonary acute respiratory distress syndrome.
[Hyperthyroid and acute tonsillitis in a 23-year-old woman].
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
Evaluation of a non-invasive multisensor accelerometer for calculating energy expenditure in ventilated intensive care patients compared to indirect calorimetry and predictive equations.
Extracorporeal cytokine elimination as rescue therapy in refractory septic shock: a prospective single-center study.
[Weaning Unit of the University Medicine Greifswald - Institutional Structure and Weaning Results from Prolonged Ventilation over 10 Years].
Delayed severe bleeding complications after treatment of pancreatic fluid collections with lumen-apposing metal stents.
No Relapse of Calcineurin Inhibitor-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy after Discontinuation of Eculizumab.
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
International registry on the use of the CytoSorb® adsorber in ICU patients : Study protocol and preliminary results.
Predictors of survival after prolonged weaning from mechanical ventilation.
Hemoadsorption in 'Liver Indication'-Analysis of 109 Patients' Data from the CytoSorb International Registry.
Veno-venous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (vv-ECMO) for severe respiratory failure in adult cancer patients: a retrospective multicenter analysis.
Hemoadsorption in the critically ill-Final results of the International CytoSorb Registry.
An interactive feedback system for increasing hand antisepsis adherence in stationary intensive care