Biffar, Reiner	FIS_2193
Clinical response of edentulous people treated with mini dental implants in nine dental practices.
Comparison of periodontal conditions among three elderly populations in Japan and Germany.
IGF-I levels and depressive disorders: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Mapping the genetic architecture of gene regulation in whole blood.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies six novel loci associated with habitual coffee consumption.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Changes in Prevalence of Periodontitis in Two German Population-based Studies.
Impact of the cosmetic mouthwash "Jack Pro Spülung plus" ("rheodol-Spülung plus") on the oral cavity flora, tested in a monocentric, controlled, randomized, blind, cross-over comparative study.
Wurzelidentische Hybridimplantate – eine erfolgreiche Renaissance dank moderner Technik
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
Outcome-based quality control by a dental reference profile of a population-based study (SHIP-0)
Gene transcripts associated with muscle strength: a CHARGE meta-analysis of 7,781 persons.
Prospective association of sex steroid concentrations with periodontal progression and incident tooth loss.
Ist der Testosteronspiegel mit dem klinischen Attachmentverlust assoziiert?
Using genetics to test the causal relationship of total adiposity and periodontitis: Mendelian randomization analyses in the Gene-Lifestyle Interactions and Dental Endpoints (GLIDE) Consortium.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated with Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Changes in Bone Levels Around Mini-Implants in Edentulous Arches.
Bone stability around dental implants: Treatment related factors.
Stabilisierung von Teilprothesen mit Mini-Implantaten - 2 Fallbeispiele
Unterschiede in der Durchführung und Abrechnung von konfektionierten und wurzelidentischen Replicate-Implantaten
Photodynamische Therapie – Blau vs. Grün
Füllungen im Zahnhalsbereich - Mit dem Laser im Vorteil
Diodenlaser – Entwicklungen und klinische Möglichkeiten
Dental practitioner recruitment for a randomized clinical trial in the field to evaluate the performance of a new glass ionomer restoration material
Cross-sectional association between physical strength, obesity, periodontitis and number of teeth in a general population
Effect of body shape and inflammation on tooth loss in men and women
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
A Whole-Blood Transcriptome Meta-Analysis Identifies Gene Expression Signatures of Cigarette Smoking.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Clinical performance during 48 months of two current glass ionomer restorative systems with coatings: A randomized clinical trial in the field
Estimating Effects of Craniofacial Morphology on gingival recession and clinical attachment loss
Exome Variant Analysis of Chronic Periodontitis in 2 Large Cohort Studies.
Association of Periodontal Destruction and Diabetes with Mortality.
Blood RNA expression profiles undergo major changes during the seventh decade.
Immediate versus delayed loading of strategic mini dental implants for the stabilization of partial removable dental prostheses: a patient cluster randomized, parallel-group 3-year trial.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
Corrigendum: 1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Grundlagen des dentalkeramischen Sinterprozesses
Jetzt wird's heiß - oder auch nicht. Zur Temperaturverteilung im Keramikofen
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
New methodology in dental ceramic sintering – The decoupled drying process
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Development and testing of satisfaction questionnaires for patients with removable dental prostheses.
Reproducibility of a New Computerized Planimetric Method for the Measurement and Assessment of Removable Dental Prostheses Plaque.
The influence of implant body and thread design of mini dental implants on the loading of surrounding bone: a finite element analysis.
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
Im Zentrum heiß – ein neuer Brennträger optimiert die keramische Sinterung
Association Between Symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Signs of Temporomandibular Disorders in the General Population.
Einfluss der Aufheizquotienten und der Haltezeit auf die keramische Sinterung
Der Entbinderungsprozess vor der keramischen Sinterung
Prosthetic Tooth Replacement in a German Population Over the Course of 11 Years: Results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Influence of Age and Tooth Loss on Masticatory Muscles Characteristics: A Population Based MR Imaging Study.
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
Applicability of Computerized Planimetric Method in Estimating Plaque Accumulation and Efficacy of a Cleaning Method for Removable Dental Prostheses.
Auswirkung der Brenngutträger auf die Sintergüte von Verblendkeramiken
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Klinische Studien unter Praxisbedingungen
Associations of plasma YKL-40 concentrations with heel ultrasound parameters and bone turnover markers in the general adult population.
Mobilitätsgrad und Therapiemöglichkeit älterer Patienten
Clinical reliability over 137 months (11 years) of porcelain-fused to metal fixed partial dentures using press-on-metal technique– A prospective clinical trial
Effect of periodontal treatment on preclinical Alzheimer's disease-Results of a trial emulation approach
A deep cascaded segmentation of obstructive sleep apnea-relevant organs from sagittal spine MRI.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Socioeconomic factors do not predict sleep apnea in a population sample from Mecklenburg?Western Pomerania, Germany
Quality of Life in patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania
Do brachycephaly and nose size predict the severity of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA)? A sample-based geometric morphometric analysis of craniofacial variation in relation to OSA syndrome and the role of confounding factors.
Masticaticatory muscles characteristics in relation to adiposity and general muscular fitness: a population-based study
Menopause is associated with obstructive sleep apnea in a population-based sample from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany
The Preventiometer - Reliability of a cardiovascular multi-device measurement platform and its measurement agreement with a cohort study