Patrzyk, Maciej	FIS_405
[Principles of Teaching in Surgery - State of the Art.]
[Modern treatment of an appendiceal mass.]
Absolute protein quantification of clinically relevant cytochrome P450 enzymes and UDP-glucuronosyltransferases by mass spectrometry-based targeted proteomics.
Gd-EOB-DTPA-Enhanced MR Guidance in Thermal Ablation of Liver Malignancies.
Systemic IFNg predicts local implant macrophage response
Augmented Reality im OP: Mehr Sicherheit für den Patienten im OP - Bilder und Patientendaten per Brille
Retrieval of a self-expanding metal stent after migration and incorporation in the omental bursa, using a gastroscopic-transgastric laparoscopic rendezvous technique.
Die besten technischen Innovationen
A Prospective Study Comparing Quality of Life and Cosmetic Results between Single-Port and Conventional Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy
A Prospective Study Comparing Quality of Life and Cosmetic Results between Single-Port and Conventional Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy
A Cell-Adhesive Plasma Polymerized Allylamine Coating Reduces the In Vivo Inflammatory Response Induced by Ti6Al4V Modified with Plasma Immersion Ion Implantation of Copper.
Murine Distal Colostomy, A Novel Model of Diversion Colitis in C57BL/6 Mice.
Laparoscopic versus open gastrectomy for locally advanced gastric cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
Laparoscopic-endoscopic Rendezvous Procedures for Upper Gastrointestinal Tumors Guided by Laser-supported Reverse Diaphanoscopy: A Modified Technique.
Inhibition of microbial growth by cold atmospheric plasma compared with the antiseptics chlorhexidine digluconate, octenidine dihydrochloride, and polyhexanide
Early removal of urinary drainage in patients receiving epidural analgesia after colorectal surgery within an ERAS protocol is feasible.
IL17A and IL17F genes polymorphisms are associated with histopathological changes in transplanted kidney.
Gastric Balloon Implantation as Part of Morbid Adiposity Therapy Changes the Structure of the Stomach Wall
The clinical impact of preoperative biliary drainage on isolated infectious complications (iiC) after pancreatic head resection - a retrospective study
Current practice of stress ulcer prophylaxis in a surgical patient cohort in a German university hospital
Current Practice of Stress Ulcer Prophylaxis in Surgical Departments in Mecklenburg Western Pomerania, Germany
Abdominal Morphologic Changes in MRI during Gastric Balloon Therapy