Janowitz D	FIS_1462
Interaction among childhood trauma and functional polymorphisms in the serotonin pathway moderate the risk of depressive disorders.
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
Association between waist circumference and gray matter volume in 2344 individuals from two adult community-based samples.
Alexithymia and self-directedness as predictors of psychopathology and psychotherapeutic treatment outcome.
Effect of the interaction between childhood abuse and rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on gray matter volume in a general population sample.
White matter hyperintensities and imaging patterns of brain ageing in the general population.
Advanced Brain Aging: relationship with epidemiologic and genetic risk factors, and overlap with Alzheimer disease atrophy patterns
Relationship between APOE genotype and structural MRI measures throughout adulthood in the SHIP population-based cohort
Genetic influences on schizophrenia and subcortical brain volumes: large-scale proof of concept.
From Childhood Trauma to Adult Dissociation: The Role of PTSD and Alexithymia.
Childhood adversity impacts on brain subcortical structures relevant to depression.
Cortical abnormalities in adults and adolescents with major depression based on brain scans from 20 cohorts worldwide in the ENIGMA Major Depressive Disorder Working Group.
Novel genetic loci underlying human intracranial volume identified through genome-wide association.
"Frau ohne Eigenschaften": Ausgeprägtes Weinen als Leitsymptom einer gestörten Identitätsentwicklung (Fallbericht)
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Living alone and activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system: Differential effects depending on alexithymic personality features.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Shifting blame? Impact of reports of violence and mental illness in the context of terrorism on population attitudes towards persons with mental illness in Germany
[Psychosis, Intoxication or Serotonin Syndrome? - A 20-Year Old Male with Ziprasidone und Sertraline]
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Alexithymia and Psychotherapeutic Treatment Motivation: Main and Interactional Effects on Treatment Outcome.
Childhood Trauma and Functional Variants of 5-HTTLPR Are Independently Associated with Alexithymia in 5,283 Subjects from the General Population.
Association of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Vitamin D with Depression and Obesity: A Population-Based Study.
Regional tract-specific white matter hyperintensities are associated with patterns to aging-related brain atrophy via vascular risk factors, but also independently.
White matter lesions: Spatial heterogeneity, links to risk factors, cognition, genetics, and atrophy.
Associations of trauma exposure and post-traumatic stress disorder with the activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in the general population.
The relation of alexithymia, chronic perceived stress and declarative memory performance: Results from the general population.
Stigma as a barrier to recognizing personal mental illness and seeking help: a prospective study among untreated persons with mental illness.
Interactive impact of childhood maltreatment, depression, and age on cortical brain structure: mega-analytic findings from a large multi-site cohort
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
Differential activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in response to childhood and adulthood trauma.
Inflammatory markers and imaging patterns of advanced brain aging in the general population.
Posttraumatic stress disorder is associated with reduced vitamin D levels and functional polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein in a population-based sample.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Childhood trauma and adult declarative memory performance in the general population: The mediating effect of alexithymia.
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
The Impact of Childhood Trauma and Depressive Symptoms on Body Mass Index
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Vitamin D levels are associated with trait resilience but not depression in a general population sample.
Functional polymorphisms of the mineralocorticoid receptor gene NR3C2 are associated with diminished memory decline: Results from a longitudinal general-population study.
Vitamin D moderates the interaction between 5-HTTLPR and childhood abuse in depressive disorders.
Dietary-Induced Low-Grade Inflammation in the Liver.
Simvastatin add-on to escitalopram in patients with comorbid obesity and major depression (SIMCODE): study protocol of a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Alexithymia is associated with increased all-cause mortality risk in men, but not in women: A 10-year follow-up study.
Associations and interactions of the serotonin receptor genes 5-HT1A, 5-HT2A, and childhood trauma with alexithymia in two independent general-population samples.
Alexithymia is associated with reduced vitamin D levels, but not polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein gene.
Body mass index but not genetic risk is longitudinally associated with altered structural brain parameters
The neurobiology of childhood trauma - aldosterone and blood pressure changes in a community sample
Fibroblast growth factor 21 as a potential biomarker for improved locomotion and olfaction detection ability after weight reduction in obese mice
Data?driven approach reveals heterogeneity and region?specific association of white matter hyperintensities with the APOE genotype: Doctor AI: Making computers explain their decisions
Medical education in psychosocial disciplines in times of the COVID-19 pandemic-first experiences
Kommentar II zum Fall:„ ‚Die kommen alle her und gaffen. 'Hohes Körpergewicht als medizinische, ethische und gesellschaftliche Herausforderung“
Interaction of childhood abuse and depressive symptoms on cortical thickness: a general population study.