Grothe M	FIS_85151
Recent advances in cholinergic imaging and cognitive decline-Revisiting the cholinergic hypothesis of dementia.
Applicability of in vivo staging of regional amyloid burden in a cognitively normal cohort with subjective memory complaints: the INSIGHT-preAD study.
Subregional volume reduction of the cholinergic forebrain in subjective cognitive decline (SCD).
Relationship between Basal Forebrain Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Brain Amyloid-? Deposition in Cognitively Intact Older Adults with Subjective Memory Complaints.
The corticotopic organization of the human basal forebrain as revealed by regionally selective functional connectivity profiles.
Sex differences in functional and molecular neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in cognitively normal older adults with subjective memory complaints.
Basal Forebrain Volume, but Not Hippocampal Volume, Is a Predictor of Global Cognitive Decline in Patients With Alzheimer's Disease Treated With Cholinesterase Inhibitors.
Hippocampus and basal forebrain volumes modulate effects of anticholinergic treatment on delayed recall in healthy older adults.
Reduced Cholinergic Basal Forebrain Integrity Links Neonatal Complications and Adult Cognitive Deficits After Premature Birth.
Effective connectivity in the default mode network is distinctively disrupted in Alzheimer's disease-A simultaneous resting-state FDG-PET/fMRI study.
Neurogenetic contributions to amyloid beta and tau spreading in the human cortex.
Impact of plasma glucose level on the pattern of brain FDG uptake and the predictive power of FDG PET in mild cognitive impairment.
Hypermetabolism in the hippocampal formation of cognitively impaired patients indicates detrimental maladaptation.
Individual Correspondence of Amyloid-? and Intrinsic Connectivity in the Posterior Default Mode Network Across Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Reference standard space hippocampus labels according to the European Alzheimer's Disease Consortium-Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative harmonized protocol: Utility in automated volumetry.
The complex link between amyloid and neuronal dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease.
Resting-state posterior alpha rhythms are abnormal in subjective memory complaint seniors with preclinical Alzheimer's neuropathology and high education level: the INSIGHT-preAD study.
Cholinergic white matter pathways make a stronger contribution to attention and memory in normal aging than cerebrovascular health and nucleus basalis of Meynert.
In vivo staging of regional amyloid deposition predicts functional conversion in the preclinical and prodromal phases of Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma tau correlates with basal forebrain atrophy rates in people at risk for Alzheimer disease.
The cholinergic system in subtypes of Alzheimer's disease: an in vivo longitudinal MRI study.
Gaussian Graphical Models Reveal Inter-Modal and Inter-Regional Conditional Dependencies of Brain Alterations in Alzheimer's Disease.
Connectomics and molecular imaging in neurodegeneration.
Neuropathologic features associated with basal forebrain atrophy in Alzheimer disease.
Disentangling Heterogeneity in Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias Using Data-Driven Methods.
Longitudinal degeneration of the basal forebrain predicts subsequent dementia in Parkinson's disease.
A molecular gradient along the longitudinal axis of the human hippocampus informs large-scale behavioral systems.
Pedunculopontine Nucleus Microstructure Predicts Postural and Gait Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
FDG Uptake in the Basal Forebrain as Measured by Digital High-Resolution PET Is a Promising Marker of Basal Forebrain Degeneration in the Lewy Body Disease Spectrum: A Pilot Study.
Data-driven FDG-PET subtypes of Alzheimer's disease-related neurodegeneration.
Association of TDP-43 Pathology with Global and Regional 18F-Florbetapir PET Signal in the Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum.
Structural MRI of the basal forebrain as predictor of cognitive response to galantamine in healthy older adults-A randomized controlled double-blinded crossover study.
Differential patterns of gray matter volumes and associated gene expression profiles in cognitively-defined Alzheimer's disease subgroups.
Metabolic and amyloid PET network reorganization in Alzheimer's disease: differential patterns and partial volume effects.
Comparison of subtyping methods for neuroimaging studies in Alzheimer's disease: a call for harmonization.
Association of PET-based stages of amyloid deposition with neuropathological markers of A? pathology.
Longitudinal validity of PET-based staging of regional amyloid deposition.
Impairment of Everyday Spatial Navigation Abilities in Mild Cognitive Impairment Is Weakly Associated with Reduced Grey Matter Volume in the Medial Part of the Entorhinal Cortex.
Characterizing the Molecular Architecture of Cortical Regions Associated with High Educational Attainment in Older Individuals.
The BDNF SNP modulates the association between beta-amyloid and hippocampal disconnection in Alzheimer's disease.
The European DTI Study on Dementia - A multicenter DTI and MRI study on Alzheimer's disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Comparison of Different Hypotheses Regarding the Spread of Alzheimer's Disease Using Markov Random Fields and Multimodal Imaging.
Neuronal correlates of serial position performance in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.