Zimmerer A	FIS_96803
Is Hip Arthroscopy an Adequate Therapy for the Borderline Dysplastic Hip? Correlation Between Radiologic Findings and Clinical Outcomes.
[Hip-spine syndrome-current developments and state of the evidence].
Results after arthroscopic treatment of iliopsoas impingement after total hip arthroplasty.
Sports activity and patient-related outcomes after fixed-bearing lateral unicompartmental knee arthroplasty.
Osteoarthrosis, advanced age and female sex are risk factors for inferior outcomes after hip arthroscopy and labral debridement for FAI Syndrome - Case Series with minimum 10-year follow-up.
A New Rectus and Sartorius Sparing Approach for Periacetabular Osteotomy in Patients with Developmental Dysplasia of the Hip.
17-Year Results following Transepiphyseal Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction in Children and Adolescents.
Defining the Clinically Meaningful Outcomes for Arthroscopic Treatment of Femoroacetabular Impingement Syndrome at Minimum 10-Year Follow-up: The Timing of Surgery Is Crucial
Recreational activity after cementless total hip arthroplasty in patients older than 75 years.
Pain and rehabilitation after total hip arthroplasty are approach dependent: a multisurgeon, single-center, prospective cohort study.
Defining the Gothic Arch Angle (GAA) as a radiographic diagnostic tool for instability in hip dysplasia.
Fracture of a titanium femoral neck after revision total hip arthroplasty.
[Minimally invasive periacetabular osteotomy for adult hip dysplasia]
Hip dysplasia in athletes. Current developments in diagnostics and therapy.
Patients older than 55 years regain sporting and recreational activities after arthroscopic anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
Ossification of the posterior capitellum: description of a new pathology and its radiological appearance.
Revision lateralization osteotomy of the tibial tubercle has excellent outcomes in patients suffering from previous medial tibial tubercle overcorrection.
Recreational activity after open hip abductor repair.
Complication management after periacetabular osteotomy
Pain and rehabilitation after total hip arthroplasty are approach dependent: results 6 weeks and 2 years after surgery in a multisurgeon, single-center, and prospective cohort study.