Ittermann, Till	FIS_1617
Quantitative chemical shift-encoded MRI is an accurate method to quantify hepatic steatosis.
Secretin-Stimulated MRCP in Volunteers: Assessment of Safety, Duct Visualization, and Pancreatic Exocrine Function.
Sex-Specific Associations Between Thyrotropin and Serum Lipid Profiles.
[TSH-reference range of adults: results from the population-based study KORA F4].
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
Comparison of Two Non-mydriatic Fundus Cameras to Obtain Retinal Arterio-venous Ratio
High Serum TSH Levels are Associated with Retinal Arteriolar Narrowing in the General Population.
Populationsbasierte Untersuchung zur Inzidenz des Alkoholkonsums in der Schwangerschaft in Ostvorpommern: Die SNiP-Geburtskohorte
Serum reference intervals of homoarginine, ADMA, and SDMA in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Regional differences in the incidence of self-reported type 2 diabetes in Germany: results from five population-based studies in Germany (DIAB-CORE Consortium).
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels are not associated with exercise capacity and lung function parameters in two population-based studies.
[Reference values for arterial oxygen content].
Translating Pharmacological Findings from Hypothyroid Rodents to Euthyroid Humans: Is There a Functional Role of Endogenous 3,5-T2?
Shift of the Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Reference Range with Improved Iodine Supply in Northeast Germany.
Long-term changes in body weight are associated with changes in blood pressure levels
Assessing cutoff values for increased exercise blood pressure to predict incident hypertension in a general population.
Prävalenztrend lebensstilabhängiger Risikofaktoren – Zwei Querschnittsuntersuchungen der "Study of Health in Pomerania" von 1997 bis 2001 und 2008 bis 2012 mit 8728 Teilnehmern
Prevalence trends in lifestyle-related risk factors –two cross-sectional analyses with a total of 8728 participants from the Study of Health in Pomerania from 1997 to 2001 and 2008 to 2012
Adiposity measures and vitamin D concentrations in Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Thyroid function: a new road to understanding age-related macular degeneration?
Diagnosed thyroid disorders are associated with depression and anxiety.
Association between serum thyroid-stimulating hormone levels and serum lipids in children and adolescents: a population-based study of german youth.
Occupational exposure to asbestos is associated with increased mortality in men recruited for a population-based study in Germany.
Association of Change of Anthropometric Measurements With Incident Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pooled Analysis of the Prospective Population-Based CARLA and SHIP Cohort Studies.
Serum Thyrotropin Concentrations Are Not Associated with the Ankle-Brachial Index: Results from Three Population-Based Studies.
Quantitative, organ-specific inter- and intra-scanner variability for 3 Tesla whole-body magnetic resonance imaging in a multi-centre, multi vendor study
Quantitative, Organ-Specific Interscanner and Intrascanner Variability for 3 T Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Multicenter, Multivendor Study.
L-Arginine Derivatives Are Associated with the Hyperthyroid State in the General Population.
Ensuring effective prevention of iodine-deficiency disorders.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution
Cross-sectional association between physical strength, obesity, periodontitis and number of teeth in a general population
Breastfeeding motivation in Pomerania: Survey of neonates in Pomerania (SNiP-Study)
High levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone are associated with aortic wall thickness in the general population.
Quantification of liver proton-density fat fraction in 7.1T preclinical MR systems: Impact of the fitting technique.
Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Erratum to: Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Association of Serum Thyrotropin with Anthropometric Markers of Obesity in the General Population.
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Rauchen und die Folgen auf das Mikrogefäßsystem. Kohortenstudie zur statischen Gefäßanalyse der retinalen Blutgefäße.
Impact of physical activity of individuals and creatine kinase on 99th percentiles of troponin I assays.
Monitoring the prevalence of thyroid disorders in the adult population of Northeast Germany
The Influence of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on Pulmonary Function and Exercise Capacity - Results from the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Changes in Waist Circumference among German Adults over Time - Compiling Results of Seven Prospective Cohort Studies.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Predicting risk of substantial weight gain in German adults-a multi-center cohort approach.
Reference intervals for Serum Sphingosine-1-Phosphate in the Population-based Study of Health in Pomerania
Lung Health Data of the Study of Health in Pomerania - a Review of Samples, Methods and First Results.
Population-based study of the incidence of congenital hip dysplasia in preterm infants from the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Data on subgroup specific baseline characteristics and serum sphingosine-1-phosphate concentrations in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Ventricular and Supraventricular Ectopy in Subjects With Early Repolarization.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Impact of atrial fibrillation detected by extended monitoring-A population-based cohort study.
Pulmonary emphysema is a predictor of pneumothorax after CT-guided transthoracic pulmonary biopsies of pulmonary nodules.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Association between Serum Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Levels and Visceral Adipose Tissue: A Population-Based Study in Northeast Germany.
The 99th percentile and imprecision of point-of-care cardiac troponin I in comparison to central laboratory tests in a large reference population
Prospective study on the incidence, prevalence and 5-year pancreatic-related mortality of pancreatic cysts in a population-based study.
Factors affecting sustainable iodine deficiency elimination in Pakistan: A global perspective.
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
[Static Retinal Vessel Analysis in Population-based Study SHIP-Trend].
Comparison of traditional diabetes risk scores and HbA1c to predict type 2 diabetes mellitus in a population based cohort study.
Interlaboratory variability of urinary iodine measurements.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
MEASUREMENT OF PANCREATIC SIZE IN A POPULATION-BASED COHORT: COMPARISON OF ULTRASOUND AND MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Hyperthyroxinemia is positively associated with prevalent and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus in two population-based samples from Northeast Germany and Denmark.
Prediabetes is associated with microalbuminuria, reduced kidney function and chronic kidney disease in the general population: The KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) F4-Study.
Socioeconomic status and anthropometric changes-A meta-analytic approach from seven German cohorts.
Regionaler Vergleich von Ernährungsgewohnheiten der Normalbevölkerung in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
Cross-sectional association between oral health and retinal microcirculation
High-Sensitivity Cardiac Troponin T: Association of Creatine Kinase Catalytic Activity With the 99 Percentile.
Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Evaluation of a new equation for LDL-c estimation and prediction of death by cardiovascular related events in a German population-based study cohort.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006.
What Are the Reference Values and Associated Factors for Center-edge Angle and Alpha Angle? A Population-based Study.
Correction to: Reference ranges of left ventricular structure and function assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac MR and changes related to ageing and hypertension in a population-based study.
Reference Values of Liver Volume in Caucasian Population and Factors Influencing Liver Size
Third Molars And Periodontal Damage Of Second Molars In The General Population.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
High Thyrotropin Is Associated with Reduced Hippocampal Volume in a Population-Based Study from Germany
Evaluation of neonatal and maternal morbidity in mothers with gestational diabetes: a population-based study.
Changes in fat mass and fat-free-mass are associated with incident hypertension in four population-based studies from Germany.
Socioeconomic Correlates and Determinants of Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Adult Population: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Irritable bowel syndrome, mental health, and quality of life: Data from a population-based survey in Germany (SHIP-Trend-0)
Regional Influences on Nutritional Iodine Status of Pregnant Women in Pakistan
How Do We Improve the Impact of Iodine Deficiency Disorders Prevention in Europe and Beyond?
A framework for expert-driven subpopulation discovery and evaluation using subspace clustering for epidemiological data
Quality of health care in adolescents and adults with disorders/differences of sex devel-opment (DSD) in six European countries (dsd-LIFE).  18(1), 527.
Association of anthropometric markers with globe position: A population-based MRI study
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Mean platelet volume is more important than age for defining reference intervals of platelet counts.
Do Third Molars Contribute to Systemic Inflammation? Results from A Population-Based Study from Northeast Germany
Accuracy of ultrasonography in the assessment of liver fat compared with MRI
Prevalence of thyroid abnormality: a comparison of ambulatory claims data with data from a population-based study
Age-Related Macular Degeneration and Associated Risk Factors in the Population-Based Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-Trend)
Relation of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 with prevalent and incident atrial fibrillation in a population-based study.
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
Association of Thyroid Function with Handgrip Strength: Data from the Study of Health in Pomerania and the Berlin Aging Study II.
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
The neck-shaft angle: an update on reference values and associated factors.
Analyses of pathological cranial ultrasound findings in neonates that fall outside recent indication guidelines: results of a population-based birth cohort: survey of neonates in Pommerania (SNiP-study).
Does craniofacial morphology affect third molars impaction? Results from a population-based study in northeastern Germany.
Comparability of Size Measurements of the Pancreas in Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Transabdominal Ultrasound.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006
Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP): Study design and cohort update
The Krakow Declaration on Iodine: Tasks and Responsibilities for Prevention Programs Targeting Iodine Deficiency Disorders.
One simple claudication question as first step in Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD) screening: A meta-analysis of the association with reduced Ankle Brachial Index (ABI) in 27,945 subjects.
Prognostic value of cardiopulmonary exercise testing in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Frequency of thyroid function tests and examinations in participants of a population-based study
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
[Blood pressure measurement in the NAKO German National Cohort (GNC) - differences in methods, distribution of blood pressure values, and awareness of hypertension compared to other population-based studies in Germany].
Are Third Molars Associated With Orofacial Pain? Findings From the SHIP Study
Carotid Lumen Diameter Is Associated With All?Cause Mortality in the General Population
Standardized Map of Iodine Status in Europe.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Reference Values for Pulmonary Single-Breath Diffusing Capacity - Results of the "Study of Health in Pomerania".
Association of familial history of diabetes or myocardial infarction and stroke with risk of cardiovascular diseases in four German cohorts.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
The association between thyroid function biomarkers and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Nup133 and ER? mediate the differential effects of hyperoxia-induced damage in male and female OPCs.
Maternal pre-pregnancy underweight as a risk factor for the offspring: Survey of Neonates in Pomerania.
Relation of body fat mass and fat-free mass to total mortality: results from 7 prospective cohort studies.
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study
Comparison of pancreatic size measurements in transabdominal ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging and its dependence on age, gender, and body mass index in apopulation-based cohort
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
Fetal Zone Steroids and Estrogen Show Sex Specific Effects on Oligodendrocyte Precursor Cells in Response to Oxidative Damage.
The course of thyroid nodules and thyroid volume over a time-period of up to 10 years: a longitudinal analysis of a population-based cohort
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Periodontitis Is Related to Exercise Capacity: Two Cross-sectional Studies.
Prevalence and risk factors of potentially malignant disorders of the mucosa in the general population: Mucosa lesions a general health problem?
Long-term outcome of incidental cystic liver tumors in the general population.
Assessing the difficulty of annotating medical data in crowdworking with help of experiments.
The Correlation of Lung Function Parameters, Blood Pressure and Beta-Blocker Medication in a General Population.
The site of waist measurement impacts the estimation of visceral fat: Results from three-dimensional photonic body scanning.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Normative Peak Cardiopulmonary Exercise Test Responses in Canadian Adults Aged ?40 Years.
Impact of Gestational and Postmenstrual Age on Excretion of Fetal Zone Steroids in Preterm Infants Determined by Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
Prevalence of SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies among dental teams in Germany
So war die Lehre an den Unizahnkliniken in der Pandemie
So kamen die Unizahnkliniken durch die Pandemie
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Inverse association between the anticholinergic burden and hippocampus volume in a population-based cohort across the entire adult age range.
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Association of thyroid function with insulin resistance: data from two population-based studies.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Association between thyroid function and assessment of hepatic fat and iron contents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Effects of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism on carotid intima-media thickness, incident myocardial infarction and incident stroke.
Longitudinal association of Apolipoprotein E polymorphism with lipid profile, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: Results from a 15 year follow-up study.
N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide reference values in community-dwelling older adults.
Impact of dental restorations and removable prostheses on potentially malignant oral mucosal disorders in the general population
Association between hepatic iron overload assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and glucose intolerance states in the general population.
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Childhood maltreatment is not associated with atopic dermatitis in adults: results from a cross-sectional population-based cohort study.
Register-based information on thyroid diseases in Europe: lessons and results from the EUthyroid collaboration.
Simple diameter measurement as predictor of liver volume and liver parenchymal disease.
Quality of life and sleep in individuals with irritable bowel syndrome according to different diagnostic criteria and inflammatory bowel diseases: A comparison using data from a population-based survey.
Prevalence, atopic and psychological comorbidity of physician-diagnosed atopic dermatitis in an adult general population sample: A cross-sectional study.
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
Reference Interval for Serum L-Homoarginine Determined with Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay in the Population-Based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Os acromiale: prevalence and associated patient-related factors-a population-based study of three thousand and fifty participants.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.
Universal salt iodization potentially contributes to health equity: socio-economic status of children does not affect iodine status.
Estimating Incidence and Case Fatality of Thyroid Storm in Germany Between 2007 and 2017: A Claims Data Analysis.
[Regional Differences in Thyroid Function Parameters: A Comparison of European Cohort Studies].
Insufficient physical activity and multimorbidity was associated with low physical functional performance in older adults: a cross-sectional study
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
Prognostic Relevance of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing for Patients with Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension.
Value of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing in Prognostic Assessment of Patients with Interstitial Lung Diseases.
Reliability and accuracy of straightforward measurements for liver volume determination in ultrasound and computed tomography compared to real volumetry
Correction to: Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate.
Population Based Average Parotid Gland Volume and Prevalence of Incidental Tumors in T1-MRI
The image-based preoperative fistula risk score (preFRS) predicts postoperative pancreatic fistula in patients undergoing pancreatic head resection.
Thyroid Function and the Risk of Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes.
Arthrodesis of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the finger - a systematic review.
Schoolchildren thyroid volume in North Macedonia: data from a national survey in an iodine-sufficient country.
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
Antenatal Care and Health Behavior of Pregnant Women-An Evaluation of the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania.
Arthrodesis of the Proximal Interphalangeal Joint of the Finger-A Biomechanical Study of Primary Stability.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.
Reference Values and influencing factors of the Glenohumeral Subluxation Index - a study on 3004 participants.
Carotid intima-media thickness and atherosclerotic plaques are associated with renal function decline: a 14-year longitudinal population-based study.