Domin, Martin	FIS_1292
I Can't Keep Your Face and Voice Out of My Head: Neural Correlates of an Attentional Bias Toward Nonverbal Emotional Cues
Comparison of parameter threshold combinations for diffusion tensor tractography in chronic stroke patients and healthy subjects.
Current Smoking and Reduced Gray Matter Volume - a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
They are laughing at me: cerebral mediation of cognitive biases in social anxiety.
Diffusion tensor imaging abnormalities in photosensitive juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
Structural alterations in white-matter tracts connecting (para-)limbic and prefrontal brain regions in borderline personality disorder.
Symmetry of fMRI activation in the primary sensorimotor cortex during unilateral chewing.
Brain imaging correlates of recovered swallowing after dysphagic stroke: A fMRI and {DWI} study
Connectivity-Based Predictions of Hand Motor Outcome for Patients at the Subacute Stage After Stroke
Repeated intravenous administration of gadobutrol does not lead to increased signal intensity on unenhanced T1-weighted images-a voxel-based whole brain analysis.
The Role of Left Hemispheric Structures for Emotional Processing as a Monitor of Bodily Reaction and Felt Chill - a Case-Control Functional Imaging Study
The Role of Left Hemispheric Structures for Emotional Processing as a Monitor of Bodily Reaction and Felt Chill - a Case-Control Functional Imaging Study
Structural Alterations in the Corpus Callosum Are Associated with Suicidal Behavior in Women with Borderline Personality Disorder
Structural brain abnormalities in the common epilepsies assessed in a worldwide ENIGMA study
Voxel-based morphometry in creative writers: Grey matter increase in a prefronto-thalamic-cerebellar network
Motor imagery training: Kinesthetic imagery strategy and inferior parietal fMRI activation
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy Shows Potential Structural White Matter Abnormalities: A TBSS Study
Parcellation of motor cortex-associated regions in the human corpus callosum on the basis of Human Connectome Project data
Physically active life style is associated with increased grey matter brain volume in a medial parieto-frontal network
Novel findings from 2,838 Adult Brains on Sex Differences in Gray Matter Brain Volume
The association of health-related quality of life and cerebral gray matter volume in the context of aging: A voxel-based morphometry study with a general population sample
Effects of centric mandibular splint therapy on orofacial pain and cerebral activation patterns.
Income is associated with hippocampal/amygdala and education with cingulate cortex  grey matter volume.
Functional representation of the symbol digit modalities test in relapsing remitting  multiple sclerosis.
Sex-specific association of poor sleep quality with gray matter volume.
Empathic responses to unknown others are modulated by shared behavioural traits.
The ENIGMA?Epilepsy working group: Mapping disease from large data sets
White matter abnormalities across different epilepsy syndromes in adults: an ENIGMA-Epilepsy study
Effects of centric mandibular splint therapy on orofacial pain and cerebral activation patterns
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome: Thalamic GMV Atrophy and Associations of Lower GMV With Clinical and Sensorimotor Performance Data
Artificial intelligence for classification of temporal lobe epilepsy with ROI-level MRI data: A worldwide ENIGMA-Epilepsy study
A systems-level analysis highlights microglial activation as a modifying factor in common epilepsies
Gray Matter Brain Alterations in Temporomandibular Disorder Tested in a Population Cohort and Three Clinical Samples.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Do Belonging and Social Exclusion at School Affect Structural Brain Development During Adolescence?
Functional MRI in Radiology-A Personal Review.
Neural Correlates of Attachment Representation in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder Using a Personalized Functional Magnet Resonance Imaging  Task.
A large, curated, open-source stroke neuroimaging dataset to improve lesion segmentation algorithms.
Performance in information processing speed is associated with parietal white matter tract integrity in multiple sclerosis
Reasons for Non-Attendance in the German National Mammography Screening Program: Which Barriers Can Be Overcome Using Telephone Counseling? - A Randomized Controlled Trial
Association of Brain Age, Lesion Volume, and Functional Outcome in Patients With Stroke.
Functional MRI in Radiology-A Personal Review.