Lalk, Michael	FIS_32895
Adaptation of Bacillus subtilis carbon core metabolism to simultaneous nutrient limitation and osmotic challenge: a multi-omics perspective.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Regulation of the Arginine Deiminase System by ArgR2 Interferes with Arginine Metabolism and Fitness of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
A time resolved metabolomics study: the influence of different carbon sources during growth and starvation of Bacillus subtilis.
Impact of Antibiotics with Various Target Sites on the Metabolome of Staphylococcus aureus
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
Modelling antibiotic and cytotoxic isoquinoline effects in Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis and mammalian cells
Bioactive triterpenes from the fungus Piptoporus betulinus
Costs of life - Dynamics of the protein inventory of Staphylococcus aureus during anaerobiosis.
Biotransformation and reduction of estrogenicity of bisphenol A by the biphenyl-degrading Cupriavidus basilensis.
Burkholderia pseudomallei Colony Morphotypes Show a Synchronized Metabolic Pattern after Acute Infection.
Influence of soy isoflavones in breast cancer angiogenesis: a multiplex glass ELISA approach.
Virulence factors produced by  biofilms have a moonlighting function contributing to biofilm integrity.
Metabolic inventory of Streptococcus pneumoniae growing in a chemical defined environment
Heterogeneous antimicrobial activity in broncho-alveolar aspirates from mechanically ventilated Intensive Care Unit patients
Analyses of competent and non-competent subpopulations of Bacillus subtilis reveal yhfW, yhxC and ncRNAs as novel players in competence.
On a heavy path – determining cold plasma-derived short-lived species chemistry using isotopic labelling
On a heavy path – determining cold plasma-derived short-lived species chemistry using isotopic labelling
On the liquid chemistry of the reactive nitrogen species peroxynitrite and nitrogen dioxide generated by physical plasmas
On the liquid chemistry of the reactive nitrogen species peroxynitrite and nitrogen dioxide generated by physical plasmas
From Proteomics to Personalized Medicine: The Importance of Isoflavone Dose and Estrogen Receptor Status in Breast Cancer Cells
Gas Plasma Technology Augments Ovalbumin Immunogenicity and OT?II T Cell Activation Conferring Tumor Protection in Mice
Insights in ChAdOx1 nCov-19 Vaccine-induced Immune Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Influenza A H1N1 induced disturbance of the respiratory and fecal microbiome of german landrace pigs - a multi-omics characterization
An innovative protocol for metaproteomic analyses of microbial pathogens in cystic fibrosis sputum
Profiling microalgal protein extraction by microwave burst heating in comparison to spark plasma exposures
Impact of systemic bile acids in acute pancreatitis depend on their hydrophobicity and may result from their interaction with CCK1 receptor
Pathogenesis of vaccine-induced immune thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).
Re-Expression of Tafazzin Isoforms in TAZ-Deficient C6 Glioma Cells Restores Cardiolipin Composition but Not Proliferation Rate and Alterations in Gene Expression
Hydroxylation and dimerization of paradihydroxylated aromatic compounds mediated by cold atmospheric-pressure plasma in comparison with chemically catalyzed reactions
Corrigendum: Re-expression of tafazzin isoforms in TAZ-deficient C6 glioma cells restores cardiolipin composition but not proliferation rate and alterations in gene expression.
Marine Bacteroidetes enzymatically digest xylans from terrestrial plants