Schroeder, Henry	FIS_366
Outcome-dependent coactivation of lip and tongue primary somatosensory representation following hypoglossal-facial transfer after peripheral facial palsy.
Pim1 kinase is upregulated in glioblastoma multiforme and mediates tumor cell survival.
Primary leptomeningeal melanoma of the cervical spine mimicking a meningioma-a case report.
Predictive chromosomal clusters of synchronous and metachronous brain metastases in clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
The guillotine knife: a novel tool for safe endoscopic cutting of intracranial membranes.
The small-chamber irrigation technique (SCIT): a simple maneuver for managing intraoperative hemorrhage during endoscopic intraventricular surgery.
Protective effects of endothelin receptor A and B inhibitors against doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy.
Expression of S1P metabolizing enzymes and receptors correlate with survival time and regulate cell migration in glioblastoma multiforme
Endoscopic Biopsy for Intra- and Paraventricular Tumors: Rates of Complications, Mortality, and Tumor Cell Dissemination.
Endoscopic vs Open Decompression of the Ulnar Nerve in Cubital Tunnel Syndrome: A Prospective Randomized Double-Blind Study.
[Comprehensive review on rhino-neurosurgery].
3 Tesla Kinematic MRI of the Cervical Spine for Evaluation of Adjacent Level Disease after Monosegmental Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Arthroplasty: Results of 2-Year Follow-up".
A new score to predict the risk of hearing impairment after microvascular decompression for hemifacial spasm
Ruptured massa intermedia secondary to hydrocephalus: a case report.
Neuroendoscopic approach to intracranial ependymal cysts.
The value of lateral spread response monitoring in predicting the clinical outcome after microvascular decompression in hemifacial spasm: a prospective study on 100 patients.
Neuroendoscopic stent placement for cerebrospinal fluid pathway obstructions in adults.
Cement leakage in pedicle screw augmentation: a prospective analysis of 98 patients and 474 augmented pedicle screws.
Association of glioblastoma multiforme stem cell characteristics, differentiation and microglia marker genes with patient survival
Platelet transfusion to reverse antiplatelet therapy before decompressive surgery in patients with intracranial haemorrhage
The value of endoscope assistance during transcranial surgery for tuberculum sellae meningiomas
Four-hand suction-irrigation technique leads to gross total resection and long-term-progression free survival in fourth ventricular ependymoma.
Sphingosine 1-Phosphate (S1P) Signaling in Glioblastoma Multiforme – a systematic Review
Endoscopic Third Ventriculostomy prior to posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Platelet activation and platelet-leucocyte-conjugate formation in the blood of glioblastoma patients
Frequency and treatment of hydrocephalus prior to and after posterior fossa tumor surgery in adult patients
Pupillary dilatation associated with volatile anaesthetics: a small case series.
Preoperative platelet transfusions to reverse antiplatelet therapy for urgent non-cardiac surgery: an observational cohort study
Microvascular Decompression for Patients With Hemifacial Spasm Associated With Common Trunk Anomaly of the Cerebellar Arteries-Case Study and Review of Literature.
Letter to the editor – Transcranial versus endonasal approaches in tuberculum sellae meningioma surgery
L-Carnitine Mediated Tumor Cell Protection and Poor Patient Survival Associated with OCTN2 Overexpression in Glioblastoma Multiforme
The Role of Platelets in Cancer Pathophysiology: Focus on Malignant Glioma.
Neuroblastoma with intracerebral metastases and the need for neurosurgery: a single-center experience
Novel Pathogenic Variants in a Cassette Exon of CCM2 in Patients With Cerebral Cavernous Malformations
Primary leptomeningeal melanocytic tumors of the spine: report of two cases and review of the literature
Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial
Quality of life and olfactory function after suprasellar craniopharyngioma surgery-a single-center experience comparing transcranial and endoscopic endonasal approaches
GD2 targeting by dinutuximab beta is a promising immunotherapeutic approach against malignant glioma.
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?
Rhinoneurochirurgie – endoskopische  endonasale Schädelbasischirurgie
Long-term outcome and quality of life after CNS cavernoma resection: eloquent vs. non-eloquent areas.
Preoperative Thrombocytosis is Not Associated with Overall Survival in 309 Glioblastoma Patients.
Case Report: Remittent cerebellopontine space-occupying lesion in a Gambian Refugee: Challenge of interdisciplinary cooperation: an IgG4 associated pseudotumor
A multivariable prediction model for recovery patterns and time course of symptoms improvement in hemifacial spasm following microvascular decompression
Long-term quality of life after ETV or ETV with consecutive VP shunt placement in hydrocephalic pediatric patients
Immunophenotyping of Circulating and Intratumoral Myeloid and T Cells in Glioblastoma Patients
Correction: Evaluating Mechanisms of Postoperative Delirium and Cognitive Dysfunction Following Elective Spine Surgery in Elderly Patients (CONFESS): Protocol for a Prospective Observational Trial.
Devitalization of Glioblastoma Cancer Cells by Non-invasive Physical Plasma: Modulation of Proliferative Signalling Cascades
Hybrid peripheral nerve sheath tumor of the hand
Serum biomarkers of a pro-neuroinflammatory state may define the pre-operative risk for postoperative delirium in spine surgery