von Podewils, Felix	FIS_1573
The correlation of magnetoencephalography to intracranial EEG in localizing the epileptogenic zone: a study of the surgical resection outcome.
Clinical predictors of the long-term social outcome and quality of life in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: 20-65 years of follow-up.
Natural course and predictors of spontaneous seizure remission in idiopathic generalized epilepsy: 7-27 years of follow-up.
Predictive value of EFHC1 variants for the long-term seizure outcome in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
Diffusion tensor imaging abnormalities in photosensitive juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
The Usefulness of Intraoperative Cerebral C-Arm CT Angiogram for Implantation of Intracranial Depth Electrodes in Stereotactic Electroencephalography Procedure
Costs and cost-driving factors for acute treatment of adults with status epilepticus: A multicenter cohort study from Germany
Re-review of MRI with post-processing in nonlesional patients in whom epilepsy surgery has failed
Socioeconomic Outcome and Quality of Life in Adults after Status Epilepticus: A Multicenter, Longitudinal, Matched Case-Control Analysis from Germany
Prevalence and outcome of late-onset seizures due to autoimmune etiology: A prospective observational population-based cohort study.
Postmarketing experience with brivaracetam in the treatment of epilepsies: A multicenter cohort study from Germany.
Treatment of refractory and super-refractory status epilepticus with brivaracetam: A cohort study from two German university hospitals.
Anti-contactin-associated protein-2 encephalitis: relevance of antibody titres, presentation and outcome
Aufgaben und Struktur moderner Epilepsiezentren in Deutschland / Tasks and structure of modern epilepsy centres in Germany
Structural brain abnormalities in the common epilepsies assessed in a worldwide ENIGMA study
Nonlesional late-onset epilepsy: Semiology, EEG, cerebrospinal fluid, and seizure outcome characteristics.
Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy Shows Potential Structural White Matter Abnormalities: A TBSS Study
Efficacy, Retention, and Tolerability of Brivaracetam in Patients With Epileptic Encephalopathies: A Multicenter Cohort Study From Germany.
Genetic predisposition in anti-LGI1 and anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis
Use of brivaracetam in genetic generalized epilepsies and for acute, intravenous treatment of absence status epilepticus.
Cerebrospinal fluid changes following epileptic seizures unrelated to inflammation.
Novel Pathogenic Variants in a Cassette Exon of CCM2 in Patients With Cerebral Cavernous Malformations
First clinical postmarketing experiences in the Treatment of epilepsies with brivaracetam: a retrospective observational multicentre study
Can commercially available wearable EEG devices be used for diagnostic purposes? An explorative pilot study
Editorial: Burden of Illness in People With Epilepsy: From Population-Based Studies to Precision Medicine.
Immunoadsorption for Treatment of Patients with Suspected Alzheimer Dementia and Agonistic Autoantibodies against Alpha1a-Adrenoceptor-Rationale and Design of the IMAD Pilot Study
White matter abnormalities across different epilepsy syndromes in adults: an ENIGMA-Epilepsy study
Immune Alterations Following Neurological Disorders: A Comparison of Stroke and Seizures.
Epileptic seizures in multiple sclerosis: prevalence, competing causes and diagnostic accuracy
Routine diagnostics for neural antibodies, clinical correlates, treatment and functional outcome
Informed DEcision for cerebrospinal fluid analysis after epiLeptic seizures- the IDEAL-score: A development and validation study.
Artificial intelligence for classification of temporal lobe epilepsy with ROI-level MRI data: A worldwide ENIGMA-Epilepsy study
A systems-level analysis highlights microglial activation as a modifying factor in common epilepsies
Autoimmune Encephalitis in Late-Onset Seizures: When to Suspect and How to Treat
Time dependency of CSF cell count, lactate and blood-CSF barrier dysfunction after epileptic seizures and status epilepticus.
Real-world data on cannabidiol treatment of various epilepsy subtypes: A retrospective, multicenter study.