Gollasch, Maik	FIS_96801
Aging Affects KV7 Channels and Perivascular Adipose Tissue-Mediated Vascular Tone
Myogenic Vasoconstriction Requires Canonical Gq/11 Signaling of the Angiotensin II Type 1 Receptor
Age attenuates the T-type CaV 3.2-RyR axis in vascular smooth muscle
Vasodilation of rat skeletal muscle arteries by the novel BK channel opener GoSlo is mediated by the simultaneous activation of BK and Kv 7 channels
Arterial elementary calcium signaling in aging
Elementary calcium signaling in arterial smooth muscle
Role of Ryanodine Type 2 Receptors in Elementary Ca(2+) Signaling in Arteries and Vascular Adaptive Responses
Pathophysiological Role of Caveolae in Hypertension
Distinguishing Between Biological and Technical Replicates in Hypertension Research on Isolated Arteries
Arterial Myogenic Response and Aging
In Vivo Inhibition of TRPC6 by SH045 Attenuates Renal Fibrosis in a New Zealand Obese (NZO) Mouse Model of Metabolic Syndrome.
Role of TRPC6 in kidney damage after acute ischemic kidney injury.
Short-Chain Fatty Acid Propionate Protects From Hypertensive Cardiovascular Damage.
Phosphodiesterase 3A and Arterial Hypertension.
Vasodilation of rat skeletal muscle arteries by the novel BK channel opener GoSlo is mediated by the simultaneous activation of BK and K 7 channels.
Hemodialysis and biotransformation of erythrocyte epoxy fatty acids in peripheral tissue.
Cerebrovascular G Proteins Protect Against Brain Hypoperfusion and Collateral Failure in Cerebral Ischemia.
Bioaccumulation of Blood Long-Chain Fatty Acids during Hemodialysis.
Hemodialysis and Plasma Oxylipin Biotransformation in Peripheral Tissue.
Lifelong effect of therapy in young patients with the COL4A5 Alport missense variant p.(Gly624Asp): a prospective cohort study.
Age Impairs Soluble Guanylyl Cyclase Function in Mouse Mesenteric Arteries.
Inflamm-Aging and Brain Insulin Resistance: New Insights and Role of Life-style Strategies on Cognitive and Social Determinants in Aging and Neurodegeneration.
Assessment of nanoindentation in stiffness measurement of soft biomaterials: kidney, liver, spleen and uterus.
Hemodialysis and erythrocyte epoxy fatty acids.
Effects of hemodialysis on plasma oxylipins.
Editorial: Renal Hypertension at the Crossroads: Theoretical, Experimental and Clinical Aspects.
Effects of hemodialysis on blood fatty acids.
Reproducibility of Heart Rate Variability Revealed by Repeated Measurements during and after Hemodialysis.
Author Correction: Assessment of nanoindentation in stiffness measurement of soft biomaterials: kidney, liver, spleen and uterus.
Corrigendum to "Hemodialysis and Biotransformation of Erythrocyte Epoxy Fatty Acids in Peripheral Tissue".
Impact of Tablet Size and Shape on the Swallowability in Older Adults.