Holtfreter, Silva	FIS_1538
Immune control of Staphylococcus aureus - Regulation and counter-regulation of the adaptive immune response.
Antibacterial Activity of Cold Atmospheric Pressure Argon Plasma against 78 Genetically Different (mecA, luk-P, agr or Capsular Polysaccharide Type) Staphylococcus aureus Strains
Staphylococcal enterotoxin A-activated regulatory T cells promote allergen-specific TH2 response to intratracheal allergen inoculation.
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
Lack of P-glycoprotein Results in Impairment of Removal of Beta-Amyloid and Increased Intraparenchymal Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy after Active Immunization in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Omics Approaches for the Study of Adaptive Immunity to Staphylococcus aureus and the Selection of Vaccine Candidates.
Staphylococcal enterotoxin-like X (SElX) is a unique superantigen with functional features of two major families of staphylococcal virulence factors.
Wild rodents and shrews are natural hosts of Staphylococcus aureus.
Global spread of mouse-adapted Staphylococcus aureus lineages CC1, CC15, and CC88 among mouse breeding facilities.
Laboratory Mice Are Frequently Colonized with Staphylococcus aureus and Mount a Systemic Immune Response—Note of Caution for In vivo Infection Experiments
Laboratory Mice Are Frequently Colonized with Staphylococcus aureus and Mount a Systemic Immune Response—Note of Caution for In vivo Infection Experiments
Predictors of colonization with Staphylococcus species among patients scheduled for cardiac and orthopedic interventions at tertiary care hospitals in north-eastern Germany-a prevalence screening study.
Staphylococcal protein A contributes to persistent colonization of mice with .
Bringing together what belongs together: Optimizing murine infection models by using mouse-adapted Staphylococcus aureus strains
Susceptibility of livestock-associated Methicillinresistant Staphylococcus aureus (LA-MRSA) to chlorhexidine digluconate, octenidine dihydrochloride, polyhexanide, PVP-iodine and triclosan in comparison to hospital-acquired MRSA (HA-MRSA) and community-aquired MRSA (CA-MRSA): a standardized comparison
Fighting Staphylococcus aureus Biofilms with Monoclonal Antibodies
Staphylococcus aureus colonization in hemodialysis patients: a prospective 25?months observational study.
Allergy-A New Role for T Cell Superantigens of Staphylococcus aureus?
Alpha-Toxin Limits Type 1 While Fostering Type 3 Immune Responses.
Host Tropism and Its Implications for Murine Infection Models.
Molecular Epidemiology of Methicillin-Susceptible and Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Wild, Captive and Laboratory Rats: Effect of Habitat on the Nasal S. aureus Population
Staphylococcus aureus Interferes with Streptococci Spatial Distribution and with Protein Expression of Species within a Polymicrobial Oral Biofilm.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Discovery of Staphylococcus aureus adhesion inhibitors by automated imaging and their characterization in a mouse model of persistent nasal colonization
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
Staphylococcus aureus nasal colonization among dental health care workers in Northern Germany (StaphDent study).
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Anti-neuronal antibodies against brainstem antigens are associated with COVID-19
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools