Empen, Klaus	FIS_875
Efficacy of a Minicourse in Radiation-Reducing Techniques in Invasive Cardiology: A Multicenter Field Study
Latest-generation catheterization systems enable sub-millisievert invasive coronary angiography
Stiffness of left ventricular cardiac fibroblasts contributes to ventricular dilation in patients with recent-onset cardiomyopathy
Randomized, controlled trial of ultrasound-assisted catheter-directed thrombolysis for acute intermediate-risk pulmonary embolism.
Role of Experience, Leadership and Individual Protection in the Cath Lab – A Multicenter Questionnaire and Workshop on Radiation Safety
Multicenter Long-Term Validation of a Minicourse in Radiation-Reducing Techniques in the Catheterization Laboratory
ECG-gated coronary angiography enables submillisievert imaging in invasive cardiology.
Proteome analysis of heart biopsies using a TRIzol-based protein extraction.
Fibrinolysis for patients with intermediate-risk pulmonary embolism.
Gender differences in patients with cardiogenic shock complicating myocardial infarction: a substudy of the IABP-SHOCK II-trial.
A novel flow-based parameter of collateral function assessed by intracoronary thermodilution.
Diagnosis of systolic and diastolic heart failure
The effect of a repeated immunoadsorption in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after recurrence of severe heart failure symptoms
De novo acute heart failure and acutely decompensated chronic heart failure.
Intraaortic balloon counterpulsation in acute myocardial infarction complicated by cardiogenic shock: Design and rationale of the Intraaortic Balloon Pump in Cardiogenic Shock II (IABP-SHOCK II) trial.
Non-thrombotic fatal pulmonary embolism with a ‘rule-out’ CT scan
Akute Herzinsuffizienz: Behandlungsziele und neue Medikamente
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Takotsubo (Stress) Cardiomyopathy.
Long-term strategies support autonomy in radiation safety in invasive cardiology
MD-2 is a new predictive biomarker in dilated cardiomyopathy and exerts direct effects in isolated cardiomyocytes.
Changes of myocardial gene expression and protein composition in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy after immunoadsorption with subsequent immunoglobulin substitution
Endomyocardial proteomic signature corresponding to the response of patients with dilated cardiomyopathy to immunoadsorption therapy.
Culprit lesion location and outcome in patients with cardiogenic shock complicating myocardial infarction: a substudy of the IABP-SHOCK II-trial.
[From myxomas of the skin to LVAD implantation : A 28-year-old female patient with Carney complex].