Prüß S	FIS_31618
Werden Psychotherapeuten, Psychiater oder die Psychotherapie stigmatisiert? Systematische Literaturrecherche
Different biogenetic causal explanations and attitudes towards persons with major depression, schizophrenia and alcohol dependence: is the concepte of a chemical imbalance beneficial?
Impact of the Germanwings plane crash on mental illness stigma: results from two population surveys in Germany before and after the incident.
An online intervention using information on the mental health-mental illness continuum to reduce stigma
Shifting blame? Impact of reports of violence and mental illness in the context of terrorism on population attitudes towards persons with mental illness in Germany
The Stigma of Mental Illness as a Barrier to Self Labeling as Having a Mental Illness
Associations between causal attributions and personal stigmatizing attitudes in untreated persons with current mental health problems
[Depression Literacy – German Translation and Testing of the Depression Literacy Scale]
Individuals with currently untreated mental illness: Causal beliefs and readiness to seek help.
Das Stigma von Suchterkrankungen verstehen und überwinden. Memorandum.
Stigma as a barrier to recognizing personal mental illness and seeking help: a prospective study among untreated persons with mental illness.
Psychometric validation of the self-identification of having a mental illness (SELF-I) scale and the relationship with stigma and help-seeking among young people
Is knowledge "half the battle"? The role of depression literacy in help-seeking among a non-clinical sample of adults with currently untreated mental health problems
Who is seeking whom? A person-centred approach to help-seeking in adults with currently untreated mental health problems via latent class analysis
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adults: A Population Survey on Public Beliefs.
ADHD, stigma and continuum beliefs: A population survey on public attitudes towards children and adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Validity and psychometric properties of the Self-Identification as Having a Mental Illness Scale (SELF-I) among currently untreated persons with mental health problems.
Title: Brief Implicit Association Tests of Stigmatizing Attitudes, Awareness of Mental Distress and Label-Avoidance: A Study in People with Depressive Symptoms.
Substance Abuse-Related Self-Stigma in Women with Substance Use Disorder and Comorbid Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Shame, self-identification with having a mental illness, and willingness to seek help in northeast Germany