Schneidewind L	FIS_2177
Reduced platelet transfusions and earlier platelet engraftment using alemtuzumab-based conditioning regimen in allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Urological Complications and BK Virus-Associated Diseases Under Allogenic Stem Cell Transplantation.
[Antibiotic stewardship (ABS). Definition, contents, necessity and practice on examples of current clinical-urological controversies].
Clinical course and end-of-life care in patients who have died after allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Are the Polyomaviruses BK and JC Associated with Opportunistic Infections, Graft-versus-Host Disease, or Worse Outcomes in Adult Patients Receiving Their First Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation with Low-Dose Alemtuzumab?
Urological complications associated with adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Mulitcenter study on antibiotic prophylaxis, infectious complications and risk assessment in TUR-P.
[Epidemiology, diagnostics, therapy, prevention and management of uncomplicated bacterial outpatient acquired urinary tract infections in adult patients : Update 2017 of the interdisciplinary AWMF S3 guideline].
Registry of implants for the reconstruction of pelvic floor in males and females: A feasibility case series.
Nationwide survey of BK polyomavirus associated hemorrhagic cystitis in adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation among haematologists and urologists.
[Nationwide survey among institutes of microbiology in academic medicine : Is the interdisciplinary approach the right way to treat patients with urogenital infections?]
[Antibiotic prophylaxis for transrectal prostate biopsy].
No Relapse of Calcineurin Inhibitor-Associated Thrombotic Microangiopathy after Discontinuation of Eculizumab.
No indication of increased infection rates using low-dose alemtuzumab instead of anti-thymocyte globulin as graft-versus-host disease prophylaxis before allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Uncomplicated Bacterial Communityacquired Urinary Tract Infection in Adults.
Recovery from hypogonadism and male health in adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
Antibiotic Prophylaxis in Prostate Biopsies: Contemporary Practice Patterns in Germany.
The 2017 Update of the German Clinical Guideline on Epidemiology, Diagnostics, Therapy, Prevention, and Management of Uncomplicated Urinary Tract Infections in Adult Patients: Part 1.
The 2017 Update of the German Clinical Guideline on Epidemiology, Diagnostics, Therapy, Prevention, and Management of Uncomplicated Urinary Tract Infections in Adult Patients. Part II: Therapy and Prevention.
Comparison of intravenous or intravesical cidofovir in the treatment of BK polyomavirus-associated hemorrhagic cystitis following adult allogeneic stem cell transplantation-A systematic review.
[School-based prevention programmes for adolescents: HIV, sexually transmitted infections, and pregnancy].
In Reply.
Significance of Hyperbaric Oxygenation in the Treatment of Fournier's Gangrene: A Comparative Study.
Current Evidence on Nonantibiotic Prevention of Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections.
[Benefits and risks of early versus late ureteric stent removal after kidney transplantation].
Is BK Virus-Associated Cystitis a Generalized Epithelial Disease?
Desperate need for better management of Fournier's gangrene.
Perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis for stone therapy.
Ruxolitinib for Therapy of Graft-versus-Host Disease.
Novel 3D organotypic urothelial cell culture model for identification of new therapeutic approaches in urological infections.
Targeting IL-11 in the treatment of BK virus-associated haemorrhagic cystitis-A promising new approach.