Reuter, Uwe	FIS_106981
Deterioration of headache impact and health-related quality of life in migraine patients after cessation of preventive treatment with CGRP(-receptor) antibodies
Patients' and Health Care Workers' Perception of Migraine Images on the Internet: Cross-sectional Survey Study
Two-year efficacy and safety of erenumab in participants with episodic migraine and 2-4 prior preventive treatment failures: results from the LIBERTY study
Resumption of migraine preventive treatment with CGRP(-receptor) antibodies after a 3-month drug holiday: a real-world experience
Erenumab versus topiramate for the prevention of migraine - a randomised, double-blind, active-controlled phase 4 trial
Long-term treatment with galcanezumab in patients with chronic migraine: results from the open-label extension of the REGAIN study.
Advances in pharmacotherapy for the prophylactic treatment of resistant and refractory migraine.
European Headache Federation guideline on the use of monoclonal antibodies targeting the calcitonin gene related peptide pathway for migraine prevention - 2022 update.
Long-term efficacy and safety of erenumab in patients with chronic migraine in whom prior preventive treatments had failed: A subgroup analysis.
Study Design and Protocol of a Randomized Controlled Trial of the Efficacy of a Smartphone-Based Therapy of Migraine (SMARTGEM).
Comparing the relative and absolute effect of erenumab: is a 50% response enough? Results from the ESTEEMen study.
CGRP monoclonal antibodies in migraine: an efficacy and tolerability comparison with standard prophylactic drugs.
Effect of antibody switch in non-responders to a CGRP receptor antibody treatment in migraine: A multi-center retrospective cohort study.
Lasmiditan efficacy in the acute treatment of migraine was independent of prior response to triptans: Findings from the CENTURION study.
Erenumab versus topiramate: post hoc efficacy analysis from the HER-MES study.
European Headache Federation (EHF) consensus on the definition of effective treatment of a migraine attack and of triptan failure.
Once-daily oral atogepant for the long-term preventive treatment of migraine: Findings from a multicenter, randomized, open-label, phase 3 trial.
Change of CGRP Plasma Concentrations in Migraine after Discontinuation of CGRP-(Receptor) Monoclonal Antibodies.
New migraine prophylactic drugs: Current evidence and practical suggestions for non-responders to prior therapy.
The sense of stopping migraine prophylaxis.
Sex Hormones and Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide in Women With Migraine: A Cross-sectional, Matched Cohort Study.
Clinical evaluation of super-responders vs. non-responders to CGRP(-receptor) monoclonal antibodies: a real-world experience.
Migraine and Hormonal Contraception in Gynecological Outpatient Care-Cross-Sectional Study among Practicing Gynecologists in Germany.
Headache research in 2022: advances and remaining challenges.
A nasal CGRP receptor antagonist for acute migraine therapy.
European Headache Federation (EHF) critical re-appraisal and meta-analysis of oral drugs in migraine prevention-part 1: amitriptyline.
Effect of switching to erenumab in non-responders to a CGRP ligand antibody treatment in migraine: A real-world cohort study.
A Retrospective Real-Life Multicenter Study on Concurrent Oral Preventive Treatments in Patients with Chronic Migraine Treated with OnabotulinumtoxinA.
The comparative effectiveness of migraine preventive drugs: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.