Napp, Matthias	FIS_1345
In Vitro Susceptibility of Multidrug Resistant Skin and Wound Pathogens Against Low Temperature Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Jet (APPJ) and Dielectric Barrier Discharge Plasma (DBD)
Significance and prevention of post-operative wound complications
[Antibiotic prophylaxis in dermatologic and soft tissue surgery].
[Traumatic lesion of the axillary artery : Operation technique].
[Diagnosis and management of peripheral vascular injuries].
Influence of preoperative skin sealing with cyanoacrylate on microbial contamination of surgical wounds following trauma surgery: a prospective, blinded, controlled observational study
The Treatment of Displaced Intra-articular Distal Radius Fractures in Elderly Patients: A Randomized Multi-center Study (ORCHID) of Open Reduction and Volar Locking Plate Fixation Versus Closed Reduction and Cast Immobilization
Skin and wound decontamination of multidrug-resistant bacteria by cold atmospheric plasma coagulation.
Antimicrobial Efficacy of a Historical High-Frequency Plasma Apparatus in Comparison With 2 Modern, Cold Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Devices.
Maggots as potential vector for pathogen transmission and consequences for infection control in waste management.
Re: Surgical subinternships: bridging the chiasm between medical school and residency.
Re: Web Initiative for Surgical Education of Medical Doctors usage among millennial medical students.
[Infections Associated with Treatment with Hirudo medicinalis - Report of Two Cases and Review of the Literature].
Antimikrobielle OP-Handschuhe können in vitro eine Wundkontamination bei Handschuhperforation verhindern
In vitro Empfindlichkeit multiresistenter Haut- und Wundpathogene gegenüber zwei unterschiedlichen Quellen von gewebetolerablem Plasma („atmospheric pressure plasma jet“ = APPJ und „dielectric barrier discharge plasma“ = DBD)
Abhängigkeiten der Kraftparameter des Kniegelenkes von der Transplantatwahl bei vorderer Kreuzbandersatzplastik
Aktueller Stand der Behandlung offener Frakturen der unteren Extremität in Deutschland – Ergebnisse einer Online-Umfrage
Antibakterielle Wirkung eines elektrochirurgischen Debridements mit kaltem Plasma
Haut- und Wunddekontamination bei multiresistenten bakteriellen Erregern durch Koagulation mit kaltem Atmosphärendruck-Plasma
Antimicrobial Sterile Gloves Reduce Pathogen Transmission in an In Vitro Glove Perforation Model.
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Risk factors for MRSA colonization in dermatologic patients in Germany
Risikofaktoren für eine MRSA-Kolonisation bei dermatologischen Patienten in Deutschland.
Die Rolle postantiseptischer Flora in der Genese tiefer postoperativer Wundinfektionen
Photodynamic therapy in dermatology: Actual indications and new alternative therapies
Cold physical plasmas in the pield of hygiene - relevance, significance, and future applications
Weichteilmanagement offener Frakturen
In vitro susceptibility of methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible strains of Staphylococcus aureus to two different cold atmospheric plasma sources.
Comparison of the effect of negative pressure wound therapy with and without installation of polyhexanide on the bacterial kinetic in chronic wounds
Grundlagen der Versorgung offener Frakturen
Der Einsatz von kaltem physikalischen Plasma (Cold atmospheric Plasma) bei chirurgischen Operationen
Postantiseptische Flora im OP-Feld
Retrospective analysis of 56 soft tissue defects treated with one-stage reconstruction using dermal skin substitutes.
Retrospektive Analyse von56 Weichteildefekten nach einzeitiger Rekonstruktion unter Verwendung von Dermisersatzpräparaten.
Genauigkeit der Harnblasenvolumetrie - Sonographie vs. 3D-Computertomographie
Viability of Lucilia sericata maggots after exposure to wound antiseptics.
Does antibiotic resistance impair plasma susceptibility of multi-drug resistant clinical isolates of enterococci in vitro?
Current management of open fractures: results from an online survey.
Subinternship in Radiology - A Practical Start to the Specialization?
Distinct cytokine and chemokine patterns in chronic diabetic ulcers and acute wounds.
New Treatment Options for Osteosarcoma - Inactivation of Osteosarcoma Cells by Cold Atmospheric Plasma.
In vitro killing of mycobacteria by low temperature atmospheric pressure plasma and dielectric barrier discharge plasma for treatment of tuberculosis
Comparative Analysis of Direct Hospital Care Costs between Aseptic and Two-Stage Septic Knee Revision.
Population-based study of the incidence of congenital hip dysplasia in preterm infants from the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Peroxiredoxin Expression of Human Osteosarcoma Cells Is Influenced by Cold Atmospheric Plasma Treatment.
Management nach Komplikationen bei proximalen Osteotomien Management of complications in opening base wedge osteotomies
Cold Atmospheric Plasma in the Treatment of Osteosarcoma
Comparison of Cold Atmospheric Plasma Devices' Efficacy on Osteosarcoma and Fibroblastic In Vitro Cell Models.
Urinary bladder volume measured in whole-body CT scans is a useful marker for alcohol intoxication.
Treatment of recalcitrant actinic keratosis (AK) of the scalp by cold atmospheric plasma
Predictors of colonization with Staphylococcus species among patients scheduled for cardiac and orthopedic interventions at tertiary care hospitals in north-eastern Germany-a prevalence screening study.
A Neutrophil Proteomic Signature in Surgical Trauma Wounds.
Influence of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Cytokine Expression in Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Comparison of Cold Atmospheric Plasma Devices’ Efficacy on Osteosarcoma and Fibroblastic In Vitro Cell Models
Duration of antibiotic treatment and risk of recurrence after surgical management of orthopaedic device infections: a multicenter case-control study
Prevalence of benign osseous lesions of the spine and association with spinal pain in the general population in whole body MRI.
Course of disease and risk factors for hospitalization in outpatients with a SARS?CoV?2 infection