Hammerschmidt, Sven	FIS_33581
Influence of Impaired Lipoprotein Biogenesis on Surface and Exoproteome of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Repeating structures of the major staphylococcal autolysin are essential for the interaction with human thrombospondin 1 and vitronectin.
Leukocyte attraction by CCL20 and its receptor CCR6 in humans and mice with pneumococcal meningitis
Tuf of Streptococcus pneumoniae is a surface displayed human complement regulator binding protein
Regulation of the Arginine Deiminase System by ArgR2 Interferes with Arginine Metabolism and Fitness of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Streptococcus pneumoniae-Induced Oxidative Stress in Lung Epithelial Cells Depends on Pneumococcal Autolysis and Is Reversible by Resveratrol.
Endocytosis of Streptococcus pneumoniae via the polymeric immunoglobulin receptor of epithelial cells relies on clathrin and caveolin dependent mechanisms.
Pneumococcal hydrogen peroxide-induced stress signaling regulates inflammatory genes.
Interaction of cyclic mechanical stretch and toll-like receptor 4-mediated innate immunity in rat alveolar type II cells
Pneumococcal Adhesins PavB and PspC Are Important for the Interplay with Human Thrombospondin-1.
Polyphosphates form antigenic complexes with platelet factor 4 (PF4) and enhance PF4-binding to bacteria.
Pulmonary Immunostimulation with MALP-2 in Influenza Virus-Infected Mice Increases Survival after Pneumococcal Superinfection.
IL-10 mediates plasmacytosis-associated immunodeficiency by inhibiting complement-mediated neutrophil migration.
Conserved Patterns of Microbial Immune Escape: Pathogenic Microbes of Diverse Origin Target the Human Terminal Complement Inhibitor Vitronectin via a Single Common Motif.
Induction of Central Host Signaling Kinases during Pneumococcal Infection of Human THP-1 Cells
Thioredoxins and Methionine Sulfoxide Reductases in the Pathophysiology of Pneumococcal Meningitis
Pneumococcal lipoproteins involved in bacterial fitness, virulence, and immune evasion
Comparison of pulsed corona plasma and pulsed electric fields for the decontamination of water containing Legionella pneumophila as model organism
Serotype 3 pneumococci sequester platelet-derived human thrombospondin-1 via the adhesin and immune evasion protein Hic.
Role of purinergic signaling in experimental pneumococcal meningitis
Vitronectin Binds to a Specific Stretch within the Head Region of Yersinia Adhesin A and Thereby Modulates Yersinia enterocolitica Host Interaction
SCM, the M Protein of Streptococcus canis Binds Immunoglobulin G
Host-derived extracellular RNA promotes adhesion of Streptococcus pneumoniae to endothelial and epithelial cells
Special Issue on 'Microbe-host interactions'
Modular Architecture and Unique Teichoic Acid Recognition Features of Choline-Binding Protein L (CbpL) Contributing to Pneumococcal Pathogenesis
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
The variome of pneumococcal virulence factors and regulators.
Platelets kill bacteria by bridging innate and adaptive immunity via PF4 and Fc?RIIA.
IL-37 Causes Excessive Inflammation and Tissue Damage in Murine Pneumococcal Pneumonia.
Secreted Immunomodulatory Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus Activate Platelets and Induce Platelet Aggregation.
Lipoteichoic acid deficiency permits normal growth but impairs virulence of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Interaction between the Staphylococcus aureus extracellular adherence protein Eap and its subdomains with platelets.
Pneumococcal Metabolic Adaptation and Colonization Are Regulated by the Two-Component Regulatory System 08.
Proteomic response of Streptococcus pneumoniae to iron limitation
Intranasal Vaccination With Lipoproteins Confers Protection Against Pneumococcal Colonisation.
Fibronectin modulates formation of PF4/heparin complexes and is a potential factor for reducing risk of developing HIT.
In vivo proteomics identifies the competence regulon and AliB oligopeptide transporter as pathogenic factors in pneumococcal meningitis.
The Pneumococcal Surface Proteins PspA and PspC Sequester Host C4-Binding Protein To Inactivate Complement C4b on the Bacterial Surface
Attachment of phosphorylcholine residues to pneumococcal teichoic acids and modification of substitution patterns by the phosphorylcholine esterase
Streptococcus pneumoniae From Patients With Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome Binds Human Plasminogen via the Surface Protein PspC and Uses Plasmin to Damage Human Endothelial Cells
Metabolic inventory of Streptococcus pneumoniae growing in a chemical defined environment
The variome of pneumococcal virulence factors and regulators
Mast Cells Are Activated by Streptococcus pneumoniae In Vitro but Dispensable for the Host Defense Against Pneumococcal Central Nervous System Infection In Vivo
Bactericidal/Permeability-Increasing Protein Is an Enhancer of Bacterial Lipoprotein Recognition
Port d'Entree for Respiratory Infections - Does the Influenza A Virus Pave the Way for Bacteria?
Mapping the recognition domains of pneumococcal fibronectin-binding proteins PavA and PavB demonstrates a common pattern of molecular interactions with fibronectin type III repeats
Heterogeneous antimicrobial activity in broncho-alveolar aspirates from mechanically ventilated Intensive Care Unit patients
Activated platelets kill Staphylococcus aureus, but not Streptococcus pneumoniae - The role of Fc?RIIa and platelet factor 4/heparin-antibodies.
Adenosine Triphosphate Neutralizes Pneumolysin-induced Neutrophil Activation.
Proteomic Investigation Uncovers Potential Targets and Target Sites of Pneumococcal Serine-Threonine Kinase StkP and Phosphatase PhpP.
Lipidation of Pneumococcal Antigens Leads to Improved Immunogenicity and Protection
Proteomic Adaptation of Streptococcus pneumoniae to the Human Antimicrobial Peptide LL-37
Comprehensive Spectral Library from the Pathogenic Bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae with Focus on Phosphoproteins
Proteomic Adaptation of Streptococcus pneumoniae to the Antimicrobial Peptide Human Beta Defensin 3 (hBD3) in Comparison to Other Cell Surface Stresses
Pneumolysin induces platelet destruction, not platelet activation, which can be prevented by immunoglobulin preparations in vitro.
The Two-Component System 09 Regulates Pneumococcal Carbohydrate Metabolism and Capsule Expression.
Sputum Proteome Signatures of Mechanically Ventilated Intensive Care Unit Patients Distinguish Samples with or without Anti-pneumococcal Activity.
The global proteome and ubiquitinome of bacterial and viral co-infected bronchial epithelial cells
Polyvalent immunoglobulin preparations inhibit pneumolysin-induced platelet destruction.
?-hemolysin of Staphylococcus aureus impairs thrombus formation.
Streptococcus pneumoniae and Influenza A Virus Co-Infection Induces Altered Polyubiquitination in A549 Cells
Group B Streptococcal Hemolytic Pigment Impairs Platelet Function in a Two-Step Process.
Impact of Pneumococcal and Viral Pneumonia on the Respiratory and Intestinal Tract Microbiomes of Mice