Vogelgesang, Silke	FIS_239
Pim1 kinase is upregulated in glioblastoma multiforme and mediates tumor cell survival.
St. John's Wort Reduces Beta-Amyloid Accumulation in a Double Transgenic Alzheimer's Disease Mouse Model-Role of P-Glycoprotein.
Targeting CNS Transporters for Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Immune Activation in Amyloid-?-Related Angiitis Correlates with Decreased Parenchymal Amyloid-? Plaque Load.
Clinical and Genetic Evaluation of Patients with KATP Channel Mutations from the German Registry for Congenital Hyperinsulinism
Lack of the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase SGK1 improves muscle force characteristics and attenuates fibrosis in dystrophic mdx mouse muscle
Challenges in surgical therapy of congenital hyperinsulinism
Fatal Contralateral Cardioembolic Stroke Promoted by Systemic Thrombolysis with rtPA in Ischemic Stroke
In vitro Models of the Human Blood-Brain Barrier and the Impact of Efflux Transporters on Neurological Disorders: The Work of Cioni et al. (2012).
Primary leptomeningeal melanoma of the cervical spine mimicking a meningioma-a case report.
Giant Molluscum Contagiosum Eyelid Lesions as a Solid Tumour.
Expression of S1P metabolizing enzymes and receptors correlate with survival time and regulate cell migration in glioblastoma multiforme
Chirurgische Therapie des fokalen kongenitalen Hyperinsulinismus
Seltene Bindehautmetastase bei Cancer-of-unknown-Primary-Syndrom Rare Conjunctival Metastasis in Cancer of Unknown Primary Syndrome
Knockdown of ApoL1 in Zebrafish Larvae Affects the Glomerular Filtration Barrier and the Expression of Nephrin.
Lack of P-glycoprotein Results in Impairment of Removal of Beta-Amyloid and Increased Intraparenchymal Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy after Active Immunization in a Transgenic Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Association of glioblastoma multiforme stem cell characteristics, differentiation and microglia marker genes with patient survival
Surgery in Focal Congenital Hyperinsulinism (CHI) - The "Hyperinsulinism Germany International" Experience in 30 Children
Histopathological Findings in Brain Tissue Obtained during Epilepsy Surgery.
Surgery in neuroblastoma with encasement of Major visceral vessels
L-Carnitine Mediated Tumor Cell Protection and Poor Patient Survival Associated with OCTN2 Overexpression in Glioblastoma Multiforme
OATP1A2 and OATP2B1 Are Interacting with Dopamine-Receptor Agonists and Antagonists
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?
OCTN2-mediated uptake of L-carnitine - a potential target for trearment of glioblastoma?