Lange, Anja	FIS_993
Chronic diseases in pregnant women: prevalence and birth outcomes based on the SNiP-study
In Vitro Susceptibility of Multidrug Resistant Skin and Wound Pathogens Against Low Temperature Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Jet (APPJ) and Dielectric Barrier Discharge Plasma (DBD)
Inzidenz und Therapiedauer pathologischer Hüftbefunde im Rahmen der U2- und U3-Untersuchung (SNiP Studie)
Populationsbasierte Untersuchung zur Inzidenz des Alkoholkonsums in der Schwangerschaft in Ostvorpommern: Die SNiP-Geburtskohorte
Voluntary Toxoplasmosis Screening in pregnancy underestimates active infection in dependency of Socioeconomic Factors: Data from a Population-Based Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
SNIP und was nun? Welche Fragen beantwortet eine Geburtskohorte?
Nursing Practicum in Gynaecology and Obstetrics – Early Influence Possibilities for a Specialty
Breastfeeding motivation in Pomerania: Survey of neonates in Pomerania (SNiP-Study)
Less Neutrophil Extracellular Trap Formation in Term Newborn than Adults
Population-based study of the incidence of congenital hip dysplasia in preterm infants from the Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP).
Contamination of dried blood spots - an underestimated risk in newborn screening.
[Nursing Internship Internal Medicine: Evaluation and Influences on the Attitude towards the Specialization].
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006.
Source and Quality of Enteral Nutrition Influences Oxidative Stress in Preterm Infants: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Cost analysis showed that feeding preterm infants with donor human milk was significantly more expensive than mother's milk or formula.
Functional analysis of granulocyte and monocyte subpopulations in neonates.
Median urinary iodine concentration reflected sufficient iodine supply in neonates from Northeast Germany in 2005-2006
Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP): Study design and cohort update
Maternal pre-pregnancy underweight as a risk factor for the offspring: Survey of Neonates in Pomerania.
Frauenmilchbank Initiative FMBI-Closing the Gap-Increasing the Availability of Don Human Milk Position Statement of the Human Milk  Bank initiative (FMBI) on the revision of the European Union Legislation on Blood, Tissues and Cells
Stimulation of lactation using acupuncture-a case study.
Preterm ETs Are Significantly Reduced Compared with Adults and Partially Reduced Compared with Term Infants.
Maternal socioeconomic and lifestyle factors and life dissatisfaction associated with a small for gestational age infant. The Survey of Neonates in Pomerania (SNiP)
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
Stimulation of Lactation Using Acupuncture: A Case Study.
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.