Bialke, Martin	FIS_28025
MOSAIC. A modular approach to data management in epidemiological studies.
A workflow-driven approach to integrate generic software modules in a Trusted Third Party
mosaicQA. A general approach to facilitate basic data quality assurance for epidemiological research.
Toolbox for Research, or How to facilitate a central data management in small-scale research projects.
MAGIC: once upon a time in consent management-a FHIR tale.
Erster Schritt: Im Rahmen der Medizininformatik-Initiative des Bundesforschungsministeriums ist eine elektronische Abbildung von Informationen aus Patienten-Einwilligungserklärungen entwickelt worden.
Assessment of scalability and performance of the record linkage tool E-PIX® in managing multi-million patients in research projects at a large university hospital in Germany
Towards a comprehensive and interoperable representation of consent-based data usage permissions in the German Medical Informatics Initiative
The generic Informed Consent Service gICS®: implementation and benefits of a modular consent software tool to master the challenge of electronic consent management in research
A survey on the current status and future perspective of informed consent management in the MIRACUM consortium of the German Medical Informatics Initiative
MAGICPL: A Generic Process Description Language for Distributed Pseudonymization Scenarios.
A FHIR® has been lit on gICS® – Facilitating the standardized exchange of informed consents in a large network of university medicine (NUM) in pandemic research
Establishment of the German Burn Registry - 5 years of prospective data collection
Federated Trusted Third Party as an approach for Privacy Preserving Record Linkage in a large Network of University Medicines in pandemic Research
3LGM2IHE: Requirements for data-protection-compliant research infrastructures. A systematic comparison of theory and practice-oriented implementation
Nutzung von klinischen Routinedaten für Forschung und Versorgung
ToolPool Gesundheitsforschung – A Repository for Software and Services Focused on Supporting Clinical and Epidemiological Research
The COVID-19 Data Exchange Platform of the German University Medicine.
Standards-Serie #15 - NEUER NATIONALER STANDARD FÜR PATIENTENEINWILLIGUNGEN AUF BASIS VON HL7 FHIR
We Know What You Agreed To, Don't We?—Evaluating the Quality of Paper-Based Consents Forms and Their Digitalized Equivalent Using the Example of the Baltic Fracture Competence Centre Project
No Transfer Without Validation: A Data Sharing Framework Use Case