Steinmetz, Ivo	FIS_2243
Bone marrow-derived macrophages from BALB/c and C57BL/6 mice fundamentally differ in their respiratory chain complex proteins, lysosomal enzymes and components of antioxidant stress systems.
Quantitative molecular detection of putative periodontal pathogens from clinically healthy and periodontally diseased subjects
Molecular epidemiology of extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-positive Klebsiella pneumoniae from bloodstream infections and risk factors for mortality.
[Surveillance reports on pathogens and their antibiotic resistance patterns - a recommendation for standardization].
Mortality and molecular epidemiology associated with extended-spectrum ?-lactamase production in Escherichia coli from bloodstream infection.
Caspase-1-dependent and -independent cell death pathways in Burkholderia pseudomallei infection of macrophages.
BPSS1504, a cluster 1 type VI secretion gene, is involved in intracellular survival and virulence of Burkholderia pseudomallei.
ICU patients generate a pathogen-specific humoral immune response during sepsis
Pansinusitis offenbart sich als invasive Mukormykose - Fallbericht und Diskussion
Melioidosis diagnostic workshop, 2013
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
Monitoring of abdominal Staphylococcus aureus infection using magnetic resonance imaging: a murine animal model for hepatic and renal abscesses.
NADPH oxidase contributes to resistance against Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans-induced periodontitis in mice
Sepsis Caused by Extended-Spectrum Beta-Lactamase (ESBL)-Positive K. pneumoniae and E. coli: Comparison of Severity of Sepsis, Delay of Anti-Infective Therapy and ESBL Genotype.
Rapid and Sensitive Multiplex Detection of Burkholderia pseudomallei-Specific Antibodies in Melioidosis Patients Based on a Protein Microarray Approach.
Heme Oxygenase-1 and Carbon Monoxide Promote Burkholderia pseudomallei Infection.
Burkholderia pseudomallei Colony Morphotypes Show a Synchronized Metabolic Pattern after Acute Infection.
Structural analysis and knock-out of a Burkholderia pseudomallei homolog of the eukaryotic transcription coactivator PC4.
Extended-Spectrum ?-Lactamase-Producing Klebsiella pneumoniae from Pharmaceutical Wastewaters in South-Western Nigeria.
Multitarget Quantitative PCR Improves Detection and Predicts Cultivability of the Pathogen Burkholderia pseudomallei.
RegAB Homolog of Burkholderia pseudomallei is the Master Regulator of Redox Control and involved in Virulence