Terock J	FIS_86800
Alexithymia and temporomandibular joint and facial pain in the general population.
The relation of alexithymia, chronic perceived stress and declarative memory performance: Results from the general population.
Predicting physical and mental health symptoms: Additive and interactive effects of difficulty identifying feelings, neuroticism and extraversion.
Interaction of childhood trauma with rs1360780 of the FKBP5 gene on trait resilience in a general population sample.
Differential activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in response to childhood and adulthood trauma.
Inflammatory markers and imaging patterns of advanced brain aging in the general population.
Posttraumatic stress disorder is associated with reduced vitamin D levels and functional polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein in a population-based sample.
Childhood trauma and adult declarative memory performance in the general population: The mediating effect of alexithymia.
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Vitamin D levels are associated with trait resilience but not depression in a general population sample.
Functional polymorphisms of the mineralocorticoid receptor gene NR3C2 are associated with diminished memory decline: Results from a longitudinal general-population study.
Vitamin D moderates the interaction between 5-HTTLPR and childhood abuse in depressive disorders.
Alexithymia is associated with increased all-cause mortality risk in men, but not in women: A 10-year follow-up study.
Sex effects for the interaction of dopamine related genetic variants for COMT and BDNF on declarative memory performance
Alexithymia and its association with cortisol in the general population
Alexithymia is associated with reduced vitamin D levels, but not polymorphisms of the vitamin D binding-protein gene.
Body mass index but not genetic risk is longitudinally associated with altered structural brain parameters
The neurobiology of childhood trauma - aldosterone and blood pressure changes in a community sample