Keiser, Markus Wolfdiedrich	FIS_1651
Characterization of the Intestinal and Hepatic Uptake/Efflux Transport of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging Contrast Agent Gadolinium-Ethoxylbenzyl-Diethylenetriamine-Pentaacetic Acid.
OATP1B3 is expressed in pancreatic ß-islet cells and enhances the insulinotropic effect of the sulfonylurea derivative glibenclamide.
Expression of drug transporters and drug metabolizing enzymes in the bladder urothelium in man and affinity of the bladder spasmolytic trospium chloride to transporters likely involved in its pharmacokinetics.
Morphine and loperamide interact differently with uptake transporters of the OATP-family
OATP2B1 vermittelt die zelluläre Aufnahme von Morphin in vitro
OATP1A2 is involved in cellular morphine uptake in vitro
Morphine is a substrate of OATP uptake transporters in vitro
Metabolic activation and analgesic effect of flupirtine in healthy subjects, influence of the polymorphic NAT2, UGT1A1 and GSTP1.
Pharmacokinetics and pulmonary distribution of clarithromycin and rifampicin after concomitant and consecutive administration in foals.
Expression, regulation and function of intestinal drug transporters: an update.
Expression of Organic Anion Transporting Polypeptide 1A2 in Red Blood Cells and Its Potential Impact on Antimalarial Therapy.
Effects of frequently used pharmaceutical excipients on the organic cation transporters 1-3 and peptide transporters 1/2 stably expressed in MDCKII cells.
Pharmacological indices and pulmonary distribution of rifampicin after repeated oral administration in healthy foals.
The Nonmetabolized ?-Blocker Nadolol Is a Substrate of OCT1, OCT2, MATE1, MATE2-K, and P-Glycoprotein, but Not of OATP1B1 and OATP1B3.
The organic anion transporting peptide (OATP) 2B1 is localized in the basolateral membrane of the human jejunum and Caco-2 monolayers.
The Ussing Chamber Assay to Study Drug Metabolism and Transport in the Human Intestine.
A CRISPR-Cas9 Generated MDCK Cell Line Expressing Human MDR1 Without Endogenous Canine MDR1 (cABCB1): An Improved Tool for Drug Efflux Studies.
Affinity of Ketamine to Clinically Relevant Transporters.
CRISPR-Cas9: A New Addition to the Drug Metabolism and Disposition Tool Box