Klinger-König, Johanna	FIS_72281
Evidence for Stress-like Alterations in the HPA-Axis in Women Taking Oral Contraceptives.
Assessing the interplay of childhood adversities with more recent stressful life events and conditions in predicting panic pathology among adults from the general population.
The informative error: A framework for the construction of individualized phenotypes.
Assessment of subjective emotional valence and long-lasting impact of life events: development and psychometrics of the Stralsund Life Event List (SEL).
The relation of alexithymia, chronic perceived stress and declarative memory performance: Results from the general population.
Predicting physical and mental health symptoms: Additive and interactive effects of difficulty identifying feelings, neuroticism and extraversion.
Methylation of the FKBP5 gene in association with FKBP5 genotypes, childhood maltreatment and depression.
Interactive impact of childhood maltreatment, depression, and age on cortical brain structure: mega-analytic findings from a large multi-site cohort
Save the Children by Treating Their Mothers (PriVileG-M-Study) - Study Protocol: A Sequentially Randomized Controlled Trial of Individualized Psychotherapy and Telemedicine to Reduce Mental Stress in Pregnant Women and Young Mothers and to Improve Child's Health
Peri- und postnatale Therapie traumatisierter, psychisch kranker Eltern: Wirkungen auf Eltern und ihre Kinder
Childhood trauma and adult declarative memory performance in the general population: The mediating effect of alexithymia.
A Biomarker for Alzheimer's Disease Based on Patterns of Regional Brain Atrophy.
Immunoadsorption for Treatment of Patients with Suspected Alzheimer Dementia and Agonistic Autoantibodies against Alpha1a-Adrenoceptor-Rationale and Design of the IMAD Pilot Study
Alexithymia Is Associated with Altered Cortical Thickness Networks in the General Population
Shame, self-identification with having a mental illness, and willingness to seek help in northeast Germany
Association of traumatic stress and posttraumatic stress disorder with carotid atherosclerosis: findings from the general population.
Die Anwendung der Beschwerdeliste-38 zur Erhebung subjektiver Gesundheitsbeschwerden in einer epidemiologischen Kohortenstudie (Study of Health in Pomerania, SHIP)
Cortisol, aging and the influence on brain age
Alexithymia is associated with increased all-cause mortality risk in men, but not in women: A 10-year follow-up study.
Broad Metabolome Alterations Associated with the Intake of Oral Contraceptives Are Mediated by Cortisol in Premenopausal Women
Childhood Maltreatment and Subclinical Atherosclerosis: Findings from the General Population.
Associations and interactions of the serotonin receptor genes 5-HT1A, 5-HT2A, and childhood trauma with alexithymia in two independent general-population samples.
Alexithymia and its association with cortisol in the general population
Sex differences in the association between basal serum cortisol concentrations and cortical thickness
The neurobiology of childhood trauma - aldosterone and blood pressure changes in a community sample
The interplay between genetic variation and gene expression of the glucocorticoid receptor gene NR3C1 and blood cortisol levels on verbal memory and hippocampal volumes.
Generalised anxiety and panic symptoms in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
Interaction of childhood abuse and depressive symptoms on cortical thickness: a general population study.
The assessment of childhood maltreatment and its associations with affective symptoms in adulthood: Results of the German National Cohort (NAKO)
The assessment of cognitive function in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – Associations of demographics and psychiatric symptoms with cognitive test performance
Lifetime and current depression in the German National Cohort (NAKO)
General cognitive ability assessment in the German National Cohort (NAKO) – The block-adaptive number series task
Age-dependent sex differences in the association between cortisol concentrations and childhood trauma
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
Association between childhood maltreatment and adult cortisol concentrations mediated through subjective health complaints
Cortisol and periodontitis: Prospective observational and Mendelian randomization studies.
The interplay of family history of depression and early trauma: associations with lifetime and current depression in the German national cohort (NAKO)