Meyer C	FIS_942
Assessment of Problematic Internet Use by the Compulsive Internet Use Scale and the Internet Addiction Test: A Sample of Problematic and Pathological Gamblers.
Association of Sociodemographic, Psychopathological and Gambling-Related Factors with Treatment Utilization for Pathological Gambling.
Occurence of Internet Addiction in a General Population Sample: A Latent Class Analysis.
Factor structure of the compulsive internet use scale.
Hilfen zu problematischem Alkoholkonsum - Noch kommen wir zu spät
Predictors of indoor smoking  in young children`s homes - a cross sectional study
Efficacy of Disseminating Educational Materials in General Practices
Evidenzbasierung in der Public Health Forschung: Herausforderungen der Tabakkontrolle
Factors Associated with Secondhand Smoke Exposure Prevalence and Secondhand Smoke Level of Children Living with Parental Smokers: A Cross Sectional Study
Suicidal events among pathological gamblers: The role of comorbidity of axis I and axis II disorders
A surveillance tool using mobile phone  short message service to reduce alcohol consumption among alcohol-dependent patients
Reducing tobacco smoke exposure in children aged below 4years - a randomized controlled trial.
Mobiltelefonische Interventionen nach Entzugsbehandlung alkoholabhängiger Patienten
Inanspruchnahme von Rehabilitationsleistungen bei pathologischen Glücksspielern
A pilot study on the feasibility and acceptability of a text message-based aftercare treatment programme among alcohol outpatients.
The "Pathological Gambling and Epidemiology" (PAGE) study program: design and fieldwork.
Characteristics associated with non-participation in 7-day accelerometry
Verhaltensbasierte Prävention chronischer Krankheiten [Behavior-based prevention of chronic diseases]
Psychometrische Eigenschaften und Normierung der deutschen Version der Compulsive Internet Use Scale (CIUS)
Alterations in DNA-methylation of the dopamine-receptor 2 gene are associated with abstinence and health care utilization in individuals with a lifetime history of pathologic gambling.
Thresholds of probable problematic gambling involvement for the German population: Results of the Pathological Gambling and Epidemiology (PAGE) Study
Demographic Risk Factors and Gambling Preference May Not Explain the High Prevalence of Gambling Problems Among the Population with Migration Background: Results from a German Nationwide Survey.
Gewinnung von Jobcenter.Klienten für die Teilnahme an einem kardiopräventiven Untersuchungsprogramm
Type of gambling as an independent risk factor for suicidal events in pathological gamblers.
[Migration Background and Pathological Gambling: Results of a Nationwide Epidemiological Study on the Impact of Region of Origin in Germany].
Motivating smokers to quit using computer-generated letters that target either reduction or cessation: A population-based randomized controlled trial among smokers who do not intend to quit.
Dopamine-receptor 2 gene-methylation and gambling behavior in relation to impulsivity.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
The association between Internet addiction and personality disorders in a general population-based sample.
Computergestützte Interventionen bei depressiven Symptomen. Eine Übersicht zu verfügbaren und evidenzbasierten Angeboten
Reach of Individuals at Risk for Cardiovascular Disease by Proactive Recruitment Strategies in General Practices, Job Centers, and Health Insurance.
„Du und ich ohne Rauch“ – Implementation und Umsetzung einer Kurzberatung zum Rauchverzicht in Schwangerschaftsberatungsstellen ['You and I Smoke-free': Implementation and Provision of Brief Smoking Counseling Program in Pregnancy Counseling Centers].
Associations of specific psychiatric disorders with isolated focal dystonia, and monogenic and idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Does impaired mental health interfere with the outcome of brief alcohol intervention at general hospitals?
A Mobile Phone-Based Life Skills Training Program for Substance Use Prevention Among Adolescents: Pre-Post Study on the Acceptance and Potential Effectiveness of the Program, Ready4life.
The effect of online gambling on gambling problems and resulting economic health costs in Germany.
Pitfalls in accelerometer-based measurement of physical activity: The presence of reactivity in an adult population.
Effect of blood pressure and total cholesterol measurement on risk prediction using the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation (SCORE)
Diagnostic Performance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) in Detecting DSM-5 Alcohol Use Disorders in the General Population
Explaining the relation between pathological gambling and depression: Rumination as an underlying common cause
Can brief alcohol interventions in general hospital inpatients improve mental and general health over 2 years? Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Short-term stability of different drinking patterns over the course of four weeks among adults. A latent transition analysis.
Proactive multipurpose health risk screening in health care settings: Methods, design, and reach.
The role of self-esteem in Internet addiction within the context of comorbid mental disorders: Findings from a general population-based sample.
Angehörige Suchtkranker in der medizinischen Basisversorgung: Prävalenz, Gesundheitsverhalten und Depressivität
Feasibility and acceptability of an intervention providing computer-generated tailored feedback to target alcohol consumption and depressive symptoms in proactively recruited health care patients and reactively recruited media volunteers: results of a pilot study
Does prior recall of past week alcohol use affect screening results for at-risk drinking? Findings from a randomized study.
Suizidalität bei Menschen mit pathologischem Glücksspiel
Measurement invariance of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test: establishing its factor structure in different settings and across gender
Mental disorders and total mortality after 20 years in an adult general population sample.
Stability of at-risk alcohol use screening in a general population sample.
Copattern of depression and alcohol use in medical care patients: cross-sectional study in Germany
Brief alcohol intervention at a municipal registry office: reach and retention.
Alkoholscreening und Kurzintervention im Krankenhaus (ASKI): Erreichung von Patient*innen und Wirksamkeit.
Use of machine learning to classify adult ADHD and other conditions based on the Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales.
Latent alcohol use patterns and their link to depressive symptomatology in medical care patients.
Effect of a 1-year short message service in detoxified alcohol-dependent patients: a multi-center, open-label randomized controlled trial.
The effect of a video-supported assessment to increase the accuracy of self-reported physical activity.
Longitudinal measurement invariance of the patient health questionnaire in a German sample.
Effects of a brief alcohol intervention addressing the full spectrum of drinking in an adult general population sample: a randomized controlled trial.
Alcohol abstinence and mortality in a general population sample of adults in Germany: A cohort study.
Gender and Age in Gambling Participation, Gambling Onset, and Problematic Gambling in a General Population Sample: Empirical Findings from Germany
Motivational brief interventions for adolescents and young adults with Internet use disorders: A randomized-controlled trial
Association between Alcohol Consumption and Health-Related Quality of Life among Hospital and Ambulatory Care Patients with Past Year Depressive Symptoms