Ekkernkamp, Axel	FIS_545
[Causes, injuries, therapy and possibilities of prevention of equine-related accidents : Results of a 2-center-study.] Ursachen, Verletzungen, Therapie und Präventionsmöglichkeiten von Unfällen im Reitsport
Mason's lacing cord : Potential danger of severe open ocular injuries. Maurerschnüre. Potenzielle Gefahr für schwere offenen Augenverletzungen
Subcaliber discarding sabot airgun projectiles.
Inzidenz und Therapiedauer pathologischer Hüftbefunde im Rahmen der U2- und U3-Untersuchung (SNiP Studie)
Significance and prevention of post-operative wound complications
Dose reduction in whole-body computed tomography of multiple injuries (DoReMI): protocol for a prospective cohort study.
["Piggyback" shot: ballistic parameters of two simultaneously discharged airgun pellets].
[Traumatic lesion of the axillary artery : Operation technique].
[Diagnosis and management of peripheral vascular injuries].
After cross-country motorcycle racing. Traumatic dislocation of thoracic vertebrae
PROMMTT-Studie – Zeitabhängige Effekte hoher FFP: EK Konzentrationen
Ballistic parameters and trauma potential of carbon dioxide-actuated arrow pistols.
Epidemiology of multidrug-resistant organisms in travellers : Results of a 2-year screening in a German level 1 trauma center
Influence of preoperative skin sealing with cyanoacrylate on microbial contamination of surgical wounds following trauma surgery: a prospective, blinded, controlled observational study
The Treatment of Displaced Intra-articular Distal Radius Fractures in Elderly Patients: A Randomized Multi-center Study (ORCHID) of Open Reduction and Volar Locking Plate Fixation Versus Closed Reduction and Cast Immobilization
The application of tissue tolerable plasma improves early phase integration of metal implants - an in vivo study using intravital fluorescence microscopy.
L-Arginine Enriched Diet Protects BB/OK Rats from Developing Type 1 Diabetes
Cytokine Profile of Diabetes-Prone BB/OK Rats and Their Congenic Derivatives without Diabetes or with Reduced Diabetes Frequency
Checklists as Safety Tool in the Shock Room and Operating Room–Increased Security for Patient and Personnel
Ein Leben voller Superlative
Amputation and prosthesis attachment of the lower extremities.
[Infections Associated with Treatment with Hirudo medicinalis - Report of Two Cases and Review of the Literature].
[Interface between preclinical and clinical trauma care : Analysis of the processes in a trauma network].
Antimikrobielle OP-Handschuhe können in vitro eine Wundkontamination bei Handschuhperforation verhindern
In vitro Empfindlichkeit multiresistenter Haut- und Wundpathogene gegenüber zwei unterschiedlichen Quellen von gewebetolerablem Plasma („atmospheric pressure plasma jet“ = APPJ und „dielectric barrier discharge plasma“ = DBD)
Abhängigkeiten der Kraftparameter des Kniegelenkes von der Transplantatwahl bei vorderer Kreuzbandersatzplastik
Aktueller Stand der Behandlung offener Frakturen der unteren Extremität in Deutschland – Ergebnisse einer Online-Umfrage
Essential measures for prehospital treatment of severely injured patients : The trauma care bundle.
Modeling internal ballistics of gas combustion guns.
Antimicrobial efficacy of preoperative skin antisepsis and clonal relationship to postantiseptic skin-and-wound flora in patients undergoing clean orthopedic surgery
Cold atmospheric plasma treatment induces anti-proliferative effects in prostate cancer cells by redox and apoptotic signaling pathways.
Emergency ultrasound-based algorithms for diagnosing blunt abdominal trauma (Review)
The outcome of Polyax Locked Plating System for fixation distal femoral non-implant related and periprosthetic fractures
Rehabilitation after flexor tendon injuries of the hand
Die Rolle postantiseptischer Flora in der Genese tiefer postoperativer Wundinfektionen
Breathing-synchronised electrical stimulation of the abdominal muscles in patients with acute tetraplegia: A prospective proof-of-concept study.
Traumatische Amputation der Hand im Rahmen einer Mehrfachverletzung durch eine pyrotechnischen Gegenstand
Needle decompression of tension pneumothorax: Population-based epidemiologic approach to adequate needle length in healthy volunteers in Northeast Germany.
Amputationen an der unteren Extremität oberhalb des Sprunggelenks
Neuartige Behandlungsstrategie der Kombination einer Pulverwasserstrahltechnik mit kaltem physikalischem Niederdruckplasma eliminiert Biofilm auf Implantaten – eine intravitalmikroskopische Untersuchung
Novel combined treatment strategy with powder-sandblasting and cold atmospheric plasma eliminates biofilm on implants - an intravital microscopic examination
A rare differential diagnosis of acute lower gastrointestinal bleeding: Small-bowel diverticulosis.
Offene kindliche Frakturen
Management und Outcome schwerster Extremitätenverletzungen
Editorial
Semmelweis und kein Ende
Schussbruch Wundballistische Grundlagen und Therapieprinzipien
Comparison of the effect of negative pressure wound therapy with and without installation of polyhexanide on the bacterial kinetic in chronic wounds
Grundlagen der Versorgung offener Frakturen
Der Einsatz von kaltem physikalischen Plasma (Cold atmospheric Plasma) bei chirurgischen Operationen
Retrospective analysis of 56 soft tissue defects treated with one-stage reconstruction using dermal skin substitutes.
Retrospektive Analyse von56 Weichteildefekten nach einzeitiger Rekonstruktion unter Verwendung von Dermisersatzpräparaten.
Genauigkeit der Harnblasenvolumetrie - Sonographie vs. 3D-Computertomographie
Primary cardiac tumours in infants and children: surgical strategy and long-term outcome
Evidence-based trauma and orthopedic surgery : 20 years after Sackett.
SCISSOR-Spinal Cord Injury Study on Small molecule-derived Rho inhibition: a clinical study protocol.
Does antibiotic resistance impair plasma susceptibility of multi-drug resistant clinical isolates of enterococci in vitro?
Current management of open fractures: results from an online survey.
Preemptive Isolation Precautions of Patients at High Risk for Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Combination With Ultrarapid Polymerase Chain Reaction Screening as an Effective Tool for Infection Control.
New Treatment Options for Osteosarcoma - Inactivation of Osteosarcoma Cells by Cold Atmospheric Plasma.
Natural Killer (NK) Cell Functionality after human Spinal Cord Injury (SCI): protocol of a prospective, longitudinal study.
Energy-dependent expansion of .177 caliber hollow-point air gun projectiles.
TREATMENT CONCEPT AND COMPLICATION MANAGEMENT IN SPINAL INFECTIONS WITH AND WITHOUT ACUTE SPINAL CORD INJURY (ASCI)
Bagatellkrankheiten in der Rettungsstelle: Holt die Vertragsärzte in die Notaufnahme!
Sport bei Osteoporose
Individualisierte Medizin: Ohne Big Data geht es nicht
Krankenhausstrukturgesetz: Vor der Reform kommt die digitale Revolution
Thoraxtrauma
Erstversorgung des Patienten mit schwerem Thoraxtrauma
Paresen des N. radialis bei Humerusschaftfrakturen
Epidemiologie multiresistenter Erreger bei Auslandsreisenden. Ergebnisse nach 2 Jahren Screening an einem Krankenhaus der Maximalversorgung.
Cold atmospheric plasma treatment induces anti-proliferative effects in prostate cancer cells by redox and apoptotic signaling pathways
Massenanfall von Verletzten auf hoher See
Peroxiredoxin Expression of Human Osteosarcoma Cells Is Influenced by Cold Atmospheric Plasma Treatment.
The Vulnerable Heel of Achilles: Intratendinous Abscess Following a Cat Bite.
Penetrating chest trauma caused by a blank cartridge actuated rubber ball projectile: case presentation and ballistic investigation of an uncommon weapon type.
Wundinfektionen – Infektionsprävention in Unfallchirurgie und Orthopädie
Management nach Komplikationen bei proximalen Osteotomien Management of complications in opening base wedge osteotomies
Cold atmospheric plasma in orthopaedic and urologic tumor therapy.
The German Statutory Accident Insurance: A successful example of a value-based healthcare structure.
Cold Atmospheric Plasma in the Treatment of Osteosarcoma
Comparison of Cold Atmospheric Plasma Devices' Efficacy on Osteosarcoma and Fibroblastic In Vitro Cell Models.
Urinary bladder volume measured in whole-body CT scans is a useful marker for alcohol intoxication.
Injuries of the Medial Clavicle: A Cohort Analysis in a Level-I-Trauma-Center. Concomitant Injuries. Management. Classification.
Injuries of the Sternoclavicular Joint - An Innovative Approach in the Management of a Rare Injury: Tight Rope Fixation of the Costo-Clavicular Ligament.
Surgical Stabilization of Costoclavicular Injuries - A Combination of Flail Chest Injuries and a Clavicula Fracture.
The Operative Management of Flail Chest Injuries with Concomitant Sternal Fracture.
Predictors of colonization with Staphylococcus species among patients scheduled for cardiac and orthopedic interventions at tertiary care hospitals in north-eastern Germany-a prevalence screening study.
Die vulnerable Ferse des Achilles - intratendinöser Abszess nach Katzenbiss
Stumpfe Verletzung der Leber durch Gasstrahl aus einer Schreckschusswaffe
Epidemiologie, Verletzungsentitäten und Behandlungspraxis der Thoraxwandverletzungen
Verletzungen der anterioren Brustwand – Bedeutung zusätzlicher Frakturen der Wirbelsäule
Verletzungen der posterioren und lateralen Brustwand – Bedeutung einer zusätzlichen Klavikulafraktur
Traumatische Läsionen des Plexus brachialis
Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Expression of Chemokines, Growth Factors, TNF Superfamily Members, Interleukins, and Cytokines in Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Point-of-care ultrasonography for diagnosing thoracoabdominal injuries in patients with blunt trauma
Risiko und Sicherheit – warum wir das eine eingehen und das andere erhoffen
Influence of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Cytokine Expression in Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Comparison of Cold Atmospheric Plasma Devices’ Efficacy on Osteosarcoma and Fibroblastic In Vitro Cell Models
Gerinnungsmanagement beim blutenden Traumapatienten
Neues zur Prävention postoperativer Wundinfektionen
E-TRIAGE IN MASS CASUALTIES ON THE SEA – ANINNOVATIVE BACKPACK-SYSTEM FOR MARITIME OFFICERS
Kompetenz und Organisation für den Massenanfall von Patienten in der Seeschifffahrt
Epidemiologie, Verletzungsentitäten und Behandlungspraxis der Thoraxwandverletzungen: Aktuelle wissenschaftliche Erkenntnisse und Therapieempfehlungen
Duration of antibiotic treatment and risk of recurrence after surgical management of orthopaedic device infections: a multicenter case-control study
Emergency department thoracotomy of severely injured patients: an analysis of the TraumaRegister DGU®
Weiterbildung 3.0: Der "Flugsimulator" für Chirurgen
Shoulder girdle injuries involving the medial clavicle differ from lateral clavicle injuries with a focus on concomitant injuries and management strategies: A retrospective study based on nationwide routine data
Determination of In Vitro Membrane Permeability by Analysis of Intracellular and Extracellular Fluorescein Signals in Renal Cells
Cold atmospheric plasma inhibits the growth of osteosarcoma cells by inducing apoptosis, independent of the device used
Association of Low-Dose Whole-Body Computed Tomography With Missed Injury Diagnoses and Radiation Exposure in Patients With Blunt Multiple Trauma
Medial injuries of the clavicle: more prevalent than expected? A big data analysis of incidence, age, and gender distribution based on nationwide routine data
Gesetzlich versicherter Arbeits- und Wegeunfall
Digital versus analogue record Systems for mass casualty incidents at sea.Results from an exploratory study
Cold Atmospheric Plasma Treatment of Chondrosarcoma Cells Affects Proliferation and Cell Membrane Permeability
The Effect of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on the Membrane Permeability of Human Osteosarcoma Cells
Determination of Immediate vs. Kinetic Growth Retardation in Physically Plasma-treated Cells by Experimental and Modelling Data
An Innovative Therapeutic Option for the Treatment of Skeletal Sarcomas: Elimination of Osteo- and Ewing's Sarcoma Cells Using Physical Gas Plasma
Inhibition of angiogenesis by treatment with cold atmospheric plasma  as a promising therapeutic approach in oncology
Judo-Wettkampfverletzungen bei internationalen Nachwuchssportlern
Die Bedeutung von klavikulären Gelenkverletzungen beim Schwerverletzten - Analysen aus dem TraumaRegister DGU ®.
Judo Competition Injuries in International Junior Athletes
Emergency department thoracomotomy of severely injured patients: an analysis of the TraumaRegister DGU
Vernetzen. Forschen. Heilen. Deutschlands Weg von der reinen Digitalisierung in die KI
Association of Low-Dose Whole-Body Computed Tomography With Missed Injury Diagnoses and Radiation Exposure in Patients With Blunt Multiple Trauma
Increase of weight-bearing capacity of patients with lesions of the TFCC using a wrist brace
Systematic Review on Outbreaks of SARS-CoV-2 on Cruise, Navy and Cargo Ships
A mass casualty incident of infectious diseases at the port of Hamburg: an analysis of organizational structures and emergency concepts
The significance of a concomitant clavicle fracture in flail chest patients: incidence, concomitant injuries, and outcome of 12,348 polytraumata from the TraumaRegister DGU®
Full-body MR imaging: a retrospective study on a novel diagnostic approach for children sustaining high-energy trauma
Monopolar and Bipolar Combination Injuries of the Clavicle: Retrospective Incidence Analysis and Proposal of a New Classification System
Aerosol emission rates from playing wind instruments – Implications for COVID-19 transmission during music performanc
A mass casualty incident of infectious diseases at the port of Hamburg: an analysis of organizational structures and emergency concepts
A mass casualty incident of infectious diseases at the port of Hamburg: an analysis of organizational structures and emergency concepts.
Combined Disruption of the Thoracic Spine and Costal Arch Fracture: An Indicator of a Severe Chest Trauma
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
New Approach against Chondrosoma Cells-Cold Plasma Treatment Inhibits Cell Motility and Metabolism, and Leads to Apoptosis.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Tomography and Whole-Body Computed Tomography in Pediatric Polytrauma Diagnostic-A Retrospective Long-Term Two-Center Study
Versorgungsqualität Schwerverletzter in Deutschland während der COVID-19-Pandemie anhand von Daten aus dem TraumaRegister DGU 2020
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Spinal infection with intraspinal abscess or empyema and acute myelopathy: comparative analysis of diagnostics, therapy, complications and outcome in primary care.
Aerosol emission from playing wind instruments and related COVID-19 infection risk during music performance.
Baseline predictors of in-hospital mortality after acute traumatic spinal cord injury: data from a level I trauma center.
[Evidence-based versus expertise-based medicine in orthopedic and trauma surgery : There is nothing more practical than a good theory].
Enhancing the Impact of Chemotherapy on Ewing Sarcoma Cells through Combination with Cold Physical Plasma.
Selective Effects of Cold Atmospheric Plasma on Bone Sarcoma Cells and Human Osteoblasts.
Increase in Bone Mass Before Onset of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
New Approach against Chondrosoma Cells-Cold Plasma Treatment Inhibits Cell Motility and Metabolism, and Leads to Apoptosis.
Full-body MR imaging: a retrospective study on a novel diagnostic approach for children sustaining high-energy trauma.
The significance of a concomitant clavicle fracture in flail chest patients: incidence, concomitant injuries, and outcome of 12,348 polytraumata from the TraumaRegister DGU.
Combined Disruption of the Thoracic Spine and Costal Arch Fracture: An Indicator of a Severe Chest Trauma.
[Complex pelvic trauma : A case report with special consideration of the accompanying urogenital injury].
Association of age with the timing of acute spine surgery-effects on neurological outcome after traumatic spinal cord injury.
Cervical Spine Injuries with Acute Traumatic Spinal Cord Injury: Spinal Surgery Adverse Events and Their Association with Neurological and Functional Outcome.
Effect of Mobile Stroke Unit Dispatch in all Patients with Acute Stroke or TIA.
Increase of weight-bearing capacity of patients with lesions of the TFCC using a wrist brace.
Virtuelle Stabsarbeit in Zeiten der Pandemie – Entwicklung digitaler Übungsformate in der zivilen Gefahrenabwehr während der Coronapandemie