Lerch M	FIS_100071
Focal pancreatic lesions in autoimmune pancreatitis and weight loss.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
Nutritional management of chronic pancreatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Three centuries since the discovery of Vater's Papilla.
Role of Bile Acids and Bile Salts in Acute Pancreatitis: From the Experimental to Clinical Studies.
Next generation sequencing pitfalls in diagnosing trypsinogen (PRSS1) mutations in chronic pancreatitis.
Analysis of GPRC6A variants in different pancreatitis etiologies.
Cell Signaling of Pancreatic Duct Pressure and Its Role in the Onset of Pancreatitis.
MiR-502 is the first reported miRNA simultaneously targeting two components of the classical non-homologous end joining (C-NHEJ) in pancreatic cell lines.
Perceptions of genetic testing in patients with hereditary chronic pancreatitis and their families: a qualitative triangulation.
Molecular Mechanism Contributing to Malnutrition and Sarcopenia in Patients with Liver Cirrhosis.
Preclinical insights into the gut-skeletal muscle axis in chronic gastrointestinal diseases.
Lack of association between proton pump inhibitor use and brain aging: a cross-sectional study
Acute Pancreatitis: Genetic Risk and Clinical Implications.
Whole-Exome Sequencing Identifies SLC52A1 and ZNF106 Variants as Novel Genetic Risk Factors for (Early) Multiple-Organ Failure in Acute Pancreatitis.
The  is steaming ahead.
[COVID-19 from a gastroenterological perspective].
Limits of the G-DRG system to reflect Complexity in German University Hospitals
International consensus guidelines on surveillance for pancreatic cancer in chronic pancreatitis. Recommendations from the working group for the international consensus guidelines for chronic pancreatitis in collaboration with the International Association of Pancreatology, the American Pancreatic Association, the Japan Pancreas Society, and European Pancreatic Club.
300th anniversary of the papilla of Vater
International Consensus Guidelines for Risk Factors in Chronic Pancreatitis. Recommendations from the working group for the international consensus guidelines for chronic pancreatitis in collaboration with the International Association of Pancreatology, the American Pancreatic Association, the Japan Pancreas Society, and European Pancreatic Club.
From heterogeneous healthcare data to disease-specific biomarker networks: A hierarchical Bayesian network approach.
Higher Trimethylamine--Oxide Plasma Levels with Increasing Age Are Mediated by Diet and Trimethylamine-Forming Bacteria.
Lived Experience of Hereditary Chronic Pancreatitis - A Qualitative Interview Study.
Pancreatitis severity in mice with impaired CFTR function but pancreatic sufficiency is mediated via ductal and inflammatory cells-Not acinar cells.
Excess Body Weight and Pancreatic Disease.
Tumor-Specific Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil-Incorporated Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor-Targeted Aptamers as an Efficient Treatment in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Models.
Plasma Metabolome Profiling Identifies Metabolic Subtypes of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
Identification and validation of a multivariable prediction model based on blood plasma and serum metabolomics for the distinction of chronic pancreatitis subjects from non-pancreas disease control subjects.
Functional Genomic Screening During Somatic Cell Reprogramming Identifies DKK3 as a Roadblock of Organ Regeneration.
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
Early weight loss is an independent risk factor for shorter survival and increased side effects in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer undergoing first-line treatment within the randomized Phase III trial FIRE-3 (AIO KRK-0306).
hENT1 Predicts Benefit from Gemcitabine in Pancreatic Cancer but Only with Low CDA mRNA.
German Terminology of the Revised Atlanta Classification of Acute Pancreatitis: Glossary Based on the New German S3 Guideline on Acute, Chronic, and Autoimmune Pancreatitis
Update 2021: COVID-19 from the perspective of gastroenterology
Gender-conscious language in medicine-An appeal
Pancreatitis
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
NMR Metabolomics Reveal Urine Markers of Microbiome Diversity and Identify Benzoate Metabolism as a Mediator between High Microbial Alpha Diversity and Metabolic Health.
Identification of early predictors for infected necrosis in acute pancreatitis.
Definition of age-dependent reference values for the diameter of the common bile duct and pancreatic duct on MRCP: a population-based, cross-sectional cohort study.