Bahls, Martin	FIS_45446
Mothers' exercise during pregnancy programs vasomotor function in adult offspring
Regulation of the endothelial apelin/APJ system by hemodynamic fluid flow.
L-Arginine and SDMA Serum Concentrations Are Associated with Subclinical Atherosclerosis in the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Effect of High?Calcium Diet on Coronary Artery Disease in Ossabaw Miniature Swine With Metabolic Syndrome
L-Arginine Derivatives Are Associated with the Hyperthyroid State in the General Population.
Cachexia and right ventricular dysfunction in chronic heart failure: what is the chicken and what the egg?
Circulating Irisin Concentrations Are Associated with a Favourable Lipid Profile in the General Population
Reference intervals for Serum Sphingosine-1-Phosphate in the Population-based Study of Health in Pomerania
Data on subgroup specific baseline characteristics and serum sphingosine-1-phosphate concentrations in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Changes in Body Weight and Composition Are Associated With Changes in Left Ventricular Geometry and Function in the General Population: SHIP (Study of Health in Pomerania).
Domains of physical activity and brain volumes: A population-based study.
Associations of Leisure-Time and Occupational Physical Activity and Cardiorespiratory Fitness With Incident and Recurrent Major Depressive Disorder, Depressive Symptoms, and Incident Anxiety in a General Population.
Statins are related to impaired exercise capacity in males but not females
Alcohol consumption and cardiorespiratory fitness in five population-based studies.
Association between serum neuron-specific enolase, age, overweight, and structural MRI patterns in 901 subjects.
Prediabetes is associated with lower brain gray matter volume in the general population. The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Cardiopulmonary fitness is strongly associated with body cell mass and fat-free mass.
Low-Circulating Homoarginine is Associated with Dilatation and Decreased Function of the Left Ventricle in the General Population.
Metabolomic profiling implicates adiponectin as mediator of a favorable lipoprotein profile associated with NT-proBNP.
The pattern of a broken heart: Can circulating miRs help to distinguish cardiac pathologies from normal post-exercise recovery?
Association of domain-specific physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness with all-cause and cause-specific mortality in two population-based cohort studies.
Exercise training to reduce cardiovascular risk in patients with metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus: How does it work?
Heterogeneous Metabolic Response to Exercise Training in Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction
Do accelerometer-based physical activity patterns differentially affect cardiorespiratory fitness? A growth mixture modeling approach
Differential activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system in response to childhood and adulthood trauma.
Towards a personalised approach in exercise-based cardiovascular rehabilitation: How can translational research help? A 'call to action' from the Section on Secondary Prevention and Cardiac Rehabilitation of the European Association of Preventive Cardiology.
Cardio-protective effect of the secretome of Sca-1+ and Sca-1- cells in heart failure - not equal, but equally important?
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor is related with adverse cardiac remodeling and high NTproBNP.
Sex-Specific Associations of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in the General Population
Glucose and insulin levels are associated with arterial stiffness and concentric remodeling of the heart
Progression of conventional cardiovascular risk factors and vascular disease risk in individuals: insights from the PROG-IMT consortium
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Gray Matter Volume in the Temporal, Frontal, and Cerebellar Regions in the General Population.
Cardiorespiratory and Metabolic Responses to Exercise Testing During Lower-Body Positive Pressure Running
Arginine derivatives in atrial fibrillation progression phenotypes
Carotid Lumen Diameter Is Associated With All?Cause Mortality in the General Population
Physical activity does not lower the risk of lung cancer
Physical activity and risk of Alzheimer's disease: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength with age-related macular degeneration: a population-based study
Physical activity and Parkinson's disease: a two-sample Mendelian randomisation study
Physical activity and cardiorespiratory fitness - a ten year follow-up.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With a Smaller and Stiffer Heart: The Sedentary's Heart.
The association between thyroid function biomarkers and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Association of proton pump inhibitor use with endothelial function and metabolites of the nitric oxide pathway: A cross-sectional study.
A 10-year follow-up of key gas exchange exercise parameters in a general population: results of the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Physical activity, sedentary behavior and risk of coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Low serum TSH levels are associated with low values of fat-free mass and body cell mass in the elderly.
Cardiac Hypertrophy Is Associated With Advanced Brain Aging in the General Population.
Association of sex-specific differences in lipoprotein(a) concentrations with cardiovascular mortality in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Cardiac MRI shows an association of lower cardiorespiratory fitness with decreased myocardial mass and higher cardiac stiffness in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower muscular strength is associated with smaller left and right chambers and lower cardiac mass in the general population - The Sedentary's Heart.
Lower Cardiorespiratory Fitness Is Associated With Right Ventricular Geometry and Function - The Sedentary's Heart: SHIP.
Applications of AI/ML approaches in cardiovascular medicine: A systematic review with recommendations
Low Cardiopulmonary Fitness is Associated with Higher Liver Fat Content and Higher Gamma-Glutamyltransferase Concentrations in the General Population - "The Sedentary's Liver".
How to establish causality between physical inactivity and mortality?
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Impact of COVID-19 on young healthcare professionals
Sphingosine-1-phosphate and vascular disease in the general population
Simultaneous assessment of spontaneous cage activity and voluntary wheel running in group-housed mice
Association of Cardiopulmonary Exercise Capacity and Adipokines in the General Population
Preliminary results of the cross-sectional associations of sedentary behavior and physical activity with serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor in adults with coronary heart disease
Reference Interval for Serum L-Homoarginine Determined with Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay in the Population-Based Study of Health in Pomerania.
Sex-specific associations of cardiorespiratory fitness and galectin-3 in the general population.
Association of spermidine plasma levels with brain aging in a population-based study
Body surface scan anthropometrics are related to cardiorespiratory fitness in the general population
High-Mobility Group Box Protein 1 Is an Independent Prognostic Marker for All-Cause Mortality in Patients With Dilated Cardiomyopathy.
Publisher Correction: Simultaneous assessment of spontaneous cage activity and voluntary wheel running in group-housed mice.
[Fit for Two - A Study of Sedentary Behavior and Physical Activity During Pregnancy].
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.
The Preventiometer - Reliability of a cardiovascular multi-device measurement platform and its measurement agreement with a cohort study
Proportional Internal Work-a New Parameter of Exercise Testing in Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
The power of large cohorts to improve cardiovascular risk prediction and prevention
Sphingosine-1-phosphate levels are inversely associated with left ventricular and atrial chamber volume and cardiac mass in men : The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Identification of candidate metabolite biomarkers for metabolic syndrome and its five components in population-based human cohorts.