Raufelder, Diana	FIS_65741
Socio-motivational moderators – Two sides of the same coin? Testing the potential buffering role of socio-motivational relationships on achievement drive and test anxiety among German and Canadian secondary school students.
Students' perception of "good" and "bad" teachers - results of a qualitative thematic analysis with German adolescents.
Adolescents’ Socio-Motivational Relationships With Teachers, Amygdala Response to Teacher's Negative Facial Expressions, and Test Anxiety
The interplay of parental support, parental pressure and test anxiety – Gender differences in adolescents
Self-perceived competence and test anxiety: The role of academic self-concept and self-efficacy.
Perception of teachers and peers during adolescence: Does school self-concept matter? Results of a qualitative study
Assessing the multi-faceted nature of test anxiety among secondary students: An English version of the German Test Anxiety Questionnaire: PAF-E.
Validating the proposed structure of the relationships among test anxiety and its predictors based on control-value theory: evidence for gender-specific patterns
Unterschiede im Zusammenspiel von Stresserleben, Schülersozialklima und Schulengagement von adoleszenten Gymnasiastinnen bzw. Gymnasiasten und Oberschülerinnen bzw. Oberschülern
Subjective illusion of control modulates striatal reward anticipation in adolescence.
The Perceived Role of Parental Support and Pressure in the Interplay of Test Anxiety and School Engagement Among Adolescents: Evidence for Gender-Specific Relations
Examining the role of social relationships in the association between neuroticism and test anxiety – results from a study with German secondary school students
http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/01443410.2013.849326#.VnPJLdLhC70
Empirische Pädagogik
Does self-determination predict the school engagement of four different motivation types in adolescence?
The development of socio-motivational dependency from early to middle adolescence.
The power of social and motivational relationships for test anxious adolescents’ academic self-regulation.
Development and validation of the TEMO Scale: A self-report measure assessing students’ perceptions of liked and disliked teachers as motivators
Self-perceived competence and test anxiety: The role of academic self-concept and self-efficacy
Students' perception of "good" and "bad" teachers - results of a qualitative thematic analysis with German adolescents
The interplay between adolescent’s perception of teacher-student relationships and their academic self-regulation – Does liking a specific teacher matter?
Do socio-motivational relationships predict achievement motivation in adolescents with high and low school self-concepts?
Does Feedback-Related Brain Response during Reinforcement Learning Predict Socio-motivational (In-)dependence in Adolescence?
Die Lehrer-Schüler-Beziehung im Spannungsfeld verschiedener Theorieansätze
The influence of social relationships on conduct problems in school context - does school engagement matter?
Fostering students’ moderation competence: The interplay between social relatedness and perceived competence
Maternal parenting behavior and emotion processing in adolescents - an fMRI study
Reversal learning strategy in adolescence is associated with prefrontal cortex activation
Neural correlates of the self-concept in adolescence—A focus on the significance of friends
Motivational relations with peers and teachers among German and Turkish adolescents: A cross-cultural perspective.
Longitudinal effects of student-perceived classroom support on motivation – a latent change model.
Assessing adolescents' perceptions of their relationships with peers and teachers as sources of scholastic motivation: The REMO-P - a Philippine Version of the Relationship and Motivation Scales
The interplay of students' school engagement, school self-concept and motivational relations during adolescence.
Test anxiety and learned helplessness is moderated by student perceptions of teacher motivational support
Fungieren schulische Peer-Beziehungen als Moderatoren im Zusammenspiel von Prüfungsangst und schulischer Hilflosigkeit in der Adoleszenz?
A comparison of Russian and Philippine secondary school students on their socio-motivational relationships in school – a motivation typology.
Das reziproke Zusammenspiel von Stresserleben, sozialen Beziehungen mit Peers und Lehrkräften und schulischer Leistung im Verlauf von früher zu mittlerer Adoleszenz
Loneliness and Adolescents’ Neural Processing of Self, Friends, and Teachers: Consequences for the School Self?Concept
The Big-Fish-Little-Pond Effect on the Four Facets of Academic Self-Concept
How classmates' stress affects student's quality of motivation
The essential role of the teacher-student relationship in students‘ need satisfaction during adolescence
Similar but different—Social relations and achievement motivation in adolescent students from Montréal and Moscow
Positive emotions, learning behavior and teacher support in self-directed learning during adolescence: Do age and gender matter?
How the learning context affects adolescents’ goal orientation, effort, and learning strategies
Mothers and fathers - who matters for STEM performance? Gender-specific associations between STEM performance, parental pressure and support during adolescence
Eisfeld, M., Raufelder, D., & Hoferichter, F. (2019). Wie sich Lehramtsstudierende in der Entwicklung ihres berufsbezogenen Selbstkonzepts und ihrer Selbstwirksamkeitserwartung in neuen reflexiven Praxisformaten von Studierenden in herkömmlichen Schulpraktika unterscheiden: – Empirische Ergebnisse einer landesweiten Studie in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Enjoyment benefits adolescents’ self-determined motivation in student-centered learning
Adolescents’ goals, self-efficacy, and positive emotions - how important is the learning context?
School-related pressure and parental support as predictors of change in student stress levels from early to middle adolescence
Does stress mediate the association between emotional intelligence and life satisfaction during adolescence?
The relationship of school self-concept, goal orientations and achievement during adolescence.
Effects of social and individual school self-concepts on school engagement during adolescence.
Control-Value Theory in the context of teaching: Does teaching quality moderates relations between academic self-concept and achievement Emotions?
The role of the learning environment in adolescents’ motivational development
Interest and learning strategies. The moderating function of flow in different learning contexts
Needs satisfaction and motivation among adolescent boys and girls during self-directed learning intervention
Examining positive emotions, autonomy support and learning strategies: Self-directed vs. teacher-directed learning environment
Motivationale Beziehungen, fachspezifisches Interesse und Lernstrategien bei Mädchen und Jungen im Deutschunterricht
Do Belonging and Social Exclusion at School Affect Structural Brain Development During Adolescence?
The role of social belonging and exclusion at school and the teacher-student relationship for the development of learned helplessness in adolescents.
Adolescents’ personality development – a question of psychosocial stress.
Kann erlebte Unterstützung durch Lehrkräfte schulische Erschöpfung und Stress bei Schülerinnen und Schülern abfedern?
Adolescents’ neural reactivity to acute psychosocial stress: dysfunctional regulation habits are linked to temporal gyrus response.
Adolescents’ expectancy–value profiles in school context: The impact of self-directed learning interval
Students’ interest and self-efficacy and the impact of changing learning environments
Adolescents’ enjoyment and effort in class: Influenced by self-directed learning intervals
How students’ motivational profiles change during the transition from primary to lower secondary school
The relation between sensory processing sensitivity and telomere length in adolescents
Biophysiological stress markers relate differently to grit and school engagement among lower- and higher-track secondary school students
Validation and reliability of the German version of the School Burnout Inventory.
How teacher and classmate support relate to students’ stress and academic achievement.