Bröker, Barbara	FIS_2223
Autoimmune pancreatitis in MRL/Mp mice is a T cell-mediated disease responsive to cyclosporine A and rapamycin treatment.
Staphylococcus aureus toxins - Their functions and genetics.
Immune control of Staphylococcus aureus - Regulation and counter-regulation of the adaptive immune response.
Pathophysiology of staphylococci in the post-genomic era.
Stroke Alters Respiratory Burst in Neutrophils and Monocytes.
Hydrogen peroxide: a central player in physical plasma-induced oxidative stress in human blood cells
TRAIL Induces Neutrophil Apoptosis and Dampens Sepsis-Induced Organ Injury in Murine Colon Ascendens Stent Peritonitis.
Full activation of CD4+ T Cells Early During Sepsis Requires Specific Antigen.
Altered immune proteome of Staphylococcus aureus under iron-restricted growth conditions.
Advances in allergen-microarray technology for diagnosis and monitoring of allergy: the MeDALL allergen-chip.
Microarray based identification of human antibodies against Staphylococcus aureus antigens.
The Fall of a Dogma? Unexpected High T-Cell Memory Response to Staphylococcus aureus in Humans.
Cladribine Exposure Results in a Sustained Modulation of the Cytokine Response in Human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells.
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
ICU patients generate a pathogen-specific humoral immune response during sepsis
In Vivo Silencing of A20 via TLR9-Mediated Targeted SiRNA Delivery Potentiates Antitumor Immune Response.
Neutrophil extracellular trap formation is elicited in response to cold physical plasma.
The T Cell Response to Staphylococcus aureus.
Global antibody response to Staphylococcus aureus live-cell vaccination.
Reduced Numbers and Impaired Function of Regulatory T Cells in Peripheral Blood of Ischemic Stroke Patients.
TNF-related apoptosis-inducing Ligand deficiencynhances survival in murine colon ascendens stent peritonitis
Staphylococcal serine protease-like proteins are pacemakers of allergic airway reactions to Staphylococcus aureus.
Elucidating the anti-Staphylococcus aureus antibody response by immunoproteomics.
Molecular epidemiology of Staphylococcus aureus in the general population in Northeast Germany - results of the Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP-TREND-0).
Proteome data from a host-pathogen interaction study with Staphylococcus aureus and human lung epithelial cells.
Adaptive immune response to lipoproteins of Staphylococcus aureus in healthy subjects.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
Reduced IgG response to Staphylococcus aureus in STAT3 hyper-IgE syndrome.
Omics Approaches for the Study of Adaptive Immunity to Staphylococcus aureus and the Selection of Vaccine Candidates.
Ischaemic stroke and the recanalization drug tissue plasminogen activator interfere with antibacterial phagocyte function.
Corrigendum: Wall teichoic acids mediate increased virulence in Staphylococcus aureus.
Wall teichoic acids mediate increased virulence in Staphylococcus aureus.
The IL-33/ST2 axis is crucial in type 2 airway responses induced by Staphylococcus aureus-derived serine protease-like protein D.
Wild rodents and shrews are natural hosts of Staphylococcus aureus.
Global spread of mouse-adapted Staphylococcus aureus lineages CC1, CC15, and CC88 among mouse breeding facilities.
Laboratory Mice Are Frequently Colonized with Staphylococcus aureus and Mount a Systemic Immune Response—Note of Caution for In vivo Infection Experiments
Staphylococcal (phospho)lipases promote biofilm formation and host cell invasion.
Staphylococcus aureus controls interleukin-5 release in upper airway inflammation
Polymicrobial sepsis and non-specific immunization induce adaptive immunosuppression to a similar degree.
Secreted Immunomodulatory Proteins of Staphylococcus aureus Activate Platelets and Induce Platelet Aggregation.
The quest for bacterial allergens.
Messing with the Sentinels-The Interaction of  with Dendritic Cells.
Bringing together what belongs together: Optimizing murine infection models by using mouse-adapted Staphylococcus aureus strains
Nonatopic severe asthma might still be atopic: Sensitization toward Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxins.
Staphylococcus aureus colonization in hemodialysis patients: a prospective 25?months observational study.
Obesity Impairs Mobility and Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis.
Technical report: xMAPr - High-dynamic-range (HDR) quantification of antigen-specific antibody binding.
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
Staphylococcus aureus and its IgE-inducing Enterotoxins in Asthma: Current Knowledge.
Early-Stage  Bloodstream Infection Causes Changes in the Concentrations of Lipoproteins and Acute-Phase Proteins and Is Associated with Low Antibody Titers against Bacterial Virulence Factors.
Allergy-A New Role for T Cell Superantigens of Staphylococcus aureus?
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Antibody Production in Murine Polymicrobial Sepsis—Kinetics and Key Players
Oxidation-Specific Epitopes (OSEs) Dominate the B Cell Response in Murine Polymicrobial Sepsis
Alpha-Toxin Limits Type 1 While Fostering Type 3 Immune Responses.
Mouse Strain-Dependent Difference Toward the  Allergen Serine Protease-Like Protein D Reveals a Novel Regulator of IL-33.
Experimental pancreatitis is characterized by rapid T cell activation, Th2 differentiation that parallels disease severity, and improvement after CD4 T cell depletion.
Adult chronic rhinosinusitis.
Stroke-Induced Modulation of Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells (MDSCs) and IL-10-Producing Regulatory Monocytes.
Staphylococcus aureus Interferes with Streptococci Spatial Distribution and with Protein Expression of Species within a Polymicrobial Oral Biofilm.
A Comprehensive View on the Human Antibody Repertoire Against Staphylococcus aureus Antigens in the General Population
Gas Plasma Technology Augments Ovalbumin Immunogenicity and OT?II T Cell Activation Conferring Tumor Protection in Mice
Discovery of Staphylococcus aureus adhesion inhibitors by automated imaging and their characterization in a mouse model of persistent nasal colonization
Allergic Reactions to Serine Protease-Like Proteins of .
Frequency of positive anti-PF4/polyanion antibody tests after COVID-19 vaccination with ChAdOx1 nCoV-19 and BNT162b2.
Immune Polarization Potential of the  Virulence Factors SplB and GlpQ and Modulation by Adjuvants.
Immune-checkpoint blockade of CTLA-4 (CD152) in antigen-specific human T-cell responses differs profoundly between neonates, children, and adults.
Staphylococcus aureus nasal colonization among dental health care workers in Northern Germany (StaphDent study).
How S. aureus blinds the inflammasome to escape immune control.
The protease SplB of Staphylococcus aureus targets host complement components and inhibits complement-mediated bacterial opsonophagocytosis.
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Anti-neuronal antibodies against brainstem antigens are associated with COVID-19
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Activated regulatory T-cells promote duodenal bacterial translocation into necrotic areas in severe acute pancreatitis.
The Greifswald Post COVID Rehabilitation Study and Research (PoCoRe)–Study Design, Characteristics and Evaluation Tools