Hermann A	FIS_64096
Determination of the Pathological Features of NPC1 Variants in a Cellular Complementation Test.
SQSTM1/p62 variants in 486 patients with familial ALS from Germany and Sweden.
Poly-glycine-alanine exacerbates C9orf72 repeat expansion-mediated DNA damage via sequestration of phosphorylated ATM and loss of nuclear hnRNPA3.
Neurofilament light chain in serum of adolescent and adult SMA patients under treatment with nusinersen.
Assessment of Gene Variant Amenability for Pharmacological Chaperone Therapy with 1-Deoxygalactonojirimycin in Fabry Disease.
Depending on the stress, histone deacetylase inhibitors act as heat shock protein co-inducers in motor neurons and potentiate arimoclomol, exerting neuroprotection through multiple mechanisms in ALS models.
Stimulation of mGluR1/5 Improves Defective Internalization of AMPA Receptors in NPC1 Mutant Mouse.
Knocking out C9ORF72 Exacerbates Axonal Trafficking Defects Associated with Hexanucleotide Repeat Expansion and Reduces Levels of Heat Shock Proteins.
Proteostasis regulators modulate proteasomal activity and gene expression to attenuate multiple phenotypes in Fabry disease.
Symptomatic pharmacotherapy in ALS: data analysis from a platform-based medication management programme.
Generation of induced pluripotent stem cell lines AKOSi002-A and AKOSi003-A from symptomatic female adults with Wilson disease.
Peripheral proinflammatory Th1/Th17 immune cell shift is linked to disease severity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
9-Methyl-?-carboline inhibits monoamine oxidase activity and stimulates the expression of neurotrophic factors by astrocytes.
Routine Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Parameters in Patients With Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Treated With Nusinersen.
Phenotypes and malignancy risk of different FUS mutations in genetic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Generation of the Niemann-Pick type C2 patient-derived iPSC line AKOSi001-A.
Putaminal Dopamine Turnover in de novo Parkinson's Disease Predicts Later Neuropsychiatric Fluctuations but Not Other Major Health Outcomes.
KCNC1-related disorders: new de novo variants expand the phenotypic spectrum.
Palatal Tremor with Progressive Ataxia Secondary to A Dural Arteriovenous Fistula.
Off-Label Treatment of 4 Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Patients With 4-Aminopyridine.
Silent but significant - A synonymous SNV alters prognosis in Pompe disease.
Combined Dendritic and Axonal Deterioration Are Responsible for Motoneuronopathy in Patient-Derived Neuronal Cell Models of Chorea-Acanthocytosis.
Fused in sarcoma-amyotrophic lateral sclerosis as a novel member of DNA single strand break diseases with pure neurological phenotypes.
Generation of two induced pluripotent stem cell lines from a female adult homozygous for the Wilson disease associated ATP7B variant p.H1069Q (AKOSi008-A) and a healthy control (AKOSi009-A).
Generation of an iPSC line (AKOSi006-A) from fibroblasts of a NPC1 patient, carrying the homozygous mutation p.I1061T (c.3182 T > C) and a control iPSC line (AKOSi007-A) using a non-integrating Sendai virus system.
Catecholaminergic Innervation of Periventricular Neurogenic Regions of the Developing Mouse Brain.
Genome Wide Analysis Points towards Subtype-Specific Diseases in Different Genetic Forms of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Neurofilament light chain in serum is significantly increased in chorea-acanthocytosis.
Norepinephrine is a negative regulator of the adult periventricular neural stem cell niche.
Human Spinal Motor Neurons Are Particularly Vulnerable to Cerebrospinal Fluid of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Patients.
Increased Neuronal Differentiation Efficiency in High Cell Density-Derived Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
Cognitive reserve and regional brain volume in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
TDP-43 as structure-based biomarker in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
One nerve suffices: A clinically guided nerve ultrasound protocol for the differentiation of multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
Pluripotent Stem Cells for Disease Modeling and Drug Discovery in Niemann-Pick Type C1.
Pathophysiological In Vitro Profile of Neuronal Differentiated Cells Derived from Niemann-Pick Disease Type C2 Patient-Specific iPSCs Carrying the  Mutations c.58G>T/c.140G>T.
The palmomental reflex in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis - a clinical sign of executive or motor dysfunction?
FUS Is Not Mislocalized in Spinal Motor Neurons Derived From Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells of Main Non-FUS ALS Subtypes.
Acanthocyte Sedimentation Rate as a Diagnostic Biomarker for Neuroacanthocytosis Syndromes: Experimental Evidence and Physical Justification.
A Nation-Wide, Multi-Center Study on the Quality of Life of ALS Patients in Germany.
Chronic-Progressive Dopaminergic Deficiency Does Not Induce Midbrain Neurogenesis.
Impairment of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation in skin fibroblasts of SALS and FALS patients is rescued by in vitro treatment with ROS scavengers.
Pathomechanisms of ALS8: altered autophagy and defective RNA binding protein (RBP) homeostasis due to the VAPB P56S mutation.
Reconditioning the Neurogenic Niche of Adult Non-human Primates by Antisense Oligonucleotide-Mediated Attenuation of TGF? Signaling.
Concomitant gain and loss of function pathomechanisms in C9ORF72 amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The ALS-Associated FUS (P525L) Variant Does Not Directly Interfere with Microtubule-Dependent Kinesin-1 Motility.
Serum creatine kinase and creatinine in adult spinal muscular atrophy under nusinersen treatment.
A serum microRNA sequence reveals fragile X protein pathology in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Generation of an iPSC line (AKOSi004-A) from fibroblasts of a female adult NPC1 patient, carrying the compound heterozygous mutation p.Val1023Serfs*15/p.Gly992Arg and of an iPSC line (AKOSi005-A) from a female adult control individual.
Oxidative Stress and Alterations in the Antioxidative Defense System in Neuronal Cells Derived from NPC1 Patient-Specific Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells.
MDS criteria for the diagnosis of progressive supranuclear palsy overemphasize Richardson syndrome.