Grimm, Michael	FIS_47692
Intragastric volume changes after intake of a high-caloric, high-fat standard breakfast in healthy human subjects investigated by MRI.
Investigation of pH and Temperature Profiles in the GI Tract of Fasted Human Subjects Using the Intellicap(®) System.
Intragastric pH and pressure profiles after intake on the high-caloric, high-fat meal as used for food effect studies
Navigating the human gastrointestinal tract for oral drug delivery: Uncharted waters and new frontiers.
Resolving the physiological conditions in bioavailability and bioequivalence studies: comparison of fasted and fed state.
Gastric water emptying under fed state clinical trial conditions is as fast as under fasted conditions.
Gastric emptying and small bowel water content after administration of grapefruit juice compared to water and iso-caloric solutions of glucose and fructose: a four-way crossover MRI pilot study in healthy subjects.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability of fasted state gastric fluid volume and gastric emptying of water.
7.1 T MRI and T2 mapping of the human and porcine vitreous body post mortem
Low dose caffeine as a salivary tracer for the determination of gastric water emptying in fed and fasted state: A MRI validation study
Characterization of the gastrointestinal transit and disintegration behavior of floating and sinking acid-resistant capsules using a novel MRI labeling technique
Combined Application of MRI and the Salivary Tracer Technique to Determine the in Vivo Disintegration Time of Immediate Release Formulation Administered to Healthy, Fasted Subjects
In vivo characterization of enTRinsic™ drug delivery technology capsule after intake in fed state: A cross-validation approach using salivary tracer technique in comparison to MRI.
Supercritical fluid extraction-supercritical fluid chromatography of saliva: Single-quadrupole mass spectrometry monitoring of caffeine for gastric emptying studies.
The Effect of Capsule-in-Capsule Combinations on In Vivo Disintegration in Human Volunteers: A Combined Imaging and Salivary Tracer Study
In Vivo Evaluation of a Gastro-Resistant HPMC-Based "Next Generation Enteric" Capsule.
Impact of Tablet Size and Shape on the Swallowability in Older Adults.