Wurm, Susanne	FIS_92489
Changes in views on aging in later adulthood: The role of cardiovascular events
Views on Ageing: a life span perspective
Shifting self-perceptions of ageing: Differential effects of value priorities on self-perceptions of ageing beyond age stereotypes
Subjective Aging and Incident Cardiovascular Disease
Implementation of a transitional care model in a German hospital setting to im-prove transition from hospital to home for older patients - The TIGER-study: protocol of a randomized controlled trial
Die COVID-19-Pandemie als Herausforderung für die psychische Gesundheit: Erkenntnisse und Implikationen für die Forschung und Praxis aus Sicht der Klinischen Psychologie und Psychotherapie
Sicht auf ältere Menschen hinterfragen
Ältere Menschen in der Zeit der Corona-Pandemie: Theoretische Konzepte und eigene Studienergebnisse
Gesund älter werden trotz Erkrankungen
An Individualised Nutritional Intervention Concept for Nursing Home Residents with or at Risk of Malnutrition: An  enable Study.
Latent alcohol use patterns and their link to depressive symptomatology in medical care patients.
Gesund Altern - Ergebnisse einer Repräsentativumfrage zu Altersbildern junger Erwachsener
Age-related change in self-perceptions of aging: Longitudinal trajectories and predictors of change.
Relationship between trajectories of post-stroke disability and self-rated health (NeuroAdapt): protocol for a prospective observational study
Domain-specific self-perceptions of aging are associated with different gait patterns in older adults: a cross-sectional latent profile analysis.
Longitudinal measurement invariance of the patient health questionnaire in a German sample.
Effects of an individualised nutritional intervention to tackle malnutrition in nursing homes: a pre-post study.
Associations of Agency and Communion With Domain-Specific Self-Perceptions of Aging: A Cross-Sectional Study In Old-Old Adults in Poor Health.
What makes implementation intentions (in)effective for physical activity among older adults?
Gain- but not loss-related self-perceptions of aging predict mortality over a period of 23 years: A domain-specific approach
Mental Health in Times of the COVID-19 Pandemic. Current Knowledge and Implications From a European Perspective
Monitoring health diversity across the life span
Information assistance systems as preventive mediators between increasing customization and mental workload.
Preliminary results of the cross-sectional associations of sedentary behavior and physical activity with serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor in adults with coronary heart disease
Younger Than Ever? Subjective Age Is Becoming Younger and Remains More Stable in Middle-Age and Older Adults Today.
Longitudinal effects of subjective aging on health and longevity: An updated meta-analysis.
The relationship between pre-surgery self-rated health and changes in functional and mental health in older adults: insights from a prospective observational study.