Weiss F	FIS_31367
Pancreatic cancer risk in hereditary pancreatitis
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
Chronic stress increases experimental pancreatic cancer growth, reduces survival and can be antagonised by beta-adrenergic receptor blockade.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Copy number variants and VNTR length polymorphisms of the carboxyl-ester lipase (CEL) gene as risk factors in pancreatic cancer.
Specificity of a Polyclonal Fecal Elastase ELISA for CELA3.
Metabolic biomarker signature to differentiate pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma from chronic pancreatitis.
Effect of oral administration of AZD8309, a CXCR2 antagonist, on the severity of experimental pancreatitis.
LPS promotes resistance to TRAIL-induced apoptosis in pancreatic cancer.
Plasma protein profiling of patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas as potential precursor lesions of pancreatic cancer.
Cathepsin C Affects Severity of Acute Pancreatitis by Regulating Activation of Neutrophil Enzymes
NLRP3 Inflammasome activation in macrophages regulates systemic Inflammation and severity during acute pancreatitis
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
Irritable bowel syndrome, mental health, and quality of life: Data from a population-based survey in Germany (SHIP-Trend-0)
Regulation of transcription factors in the ER stress recognition System during acute pancreatitis
An in vitro System to evaluate potential therpeutic substances for ER stress reduction during pancreatitis
IRAK-M regulates the local and systemic immune Responses in acute pancreatitis
Pink1-Parkin mediated mitophagy in acute pancreatitis
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Macrophage-derived cytokines of the IL1 Family simultaneously regulate pro-and anti-Inflammation during severe acute pancreatitis
The depletion of Foxp3+/CD25+ regulatory T cells drives a Th2 immune Response and reduces severity in a mouse model of acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin D Expression mediates gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer
Depletion of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduced activation of elastase in neutrophil granulocytes
Degradation of cystatin C, an endogenous cathepsin inhibitor, stabilizes cathepsin B activity within pancreatic zymogen granules
Die lysosomale Protease Cathepsin C beeinflusst über Aktivierung von neutrophilen Serinproteasen die akute Pankreatitis
In mouse chronic pancreatitis CD25FOXP3 regulatory T cells control pancreatic fibrosis by suppression of the type 2 immune response.
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.