Arnold, Andreas	FIS_854
Skin and wound decontamination of multidrug-resistant bacteria by cold atmospheric plasma coagulation.
Repetitive Immunoadsorption Cycles for Treatment of Severe Atopic Dermatitis.
Antimicrobial Efficacy of a Historical High-Frequency Plasma Apparatus in Comparison With 2 Modern, Cold Atmospheric Pressure Plasma Devices.
Haut- und Wunddekontamination bei multiresistenten bakteriellen Erregern durch Koagulation mit kaltem Atmosphärendruck-Plasma
Photodynamic therapy in dermatology: Actual indications and new alternative therapies
Meta-analysis identifies seven susceptibility loci involved in the atopic march.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of 21,000 cases and 95,000 controls identifies new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
Importance of modern treatment procedures for infected and colonized wounds in dermatology (Stellenwert moderner physikalischer Behandlungsverfahren bei infizierten und kolonisierten Wunden in der Dermatologie)
Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstutzungswunsch ambulanter Hauttumorpatienten.
Sex Hormones and Hair Loss in Men From the General Population of Northeastern Germany.
Exome-wide association study reveals novel psoriasis susceptibility locus at TNFSF15 and rare protective alleles in genes contributing to type I IFN signalling.
Treatment of recalcitrant actinic keratosis (AK) of the scalp by cold atmospheric plasma
Shared genetic origin of asthma, hay fever and eczema elucidates allergic disease biology.
Stationäre Hauttumorpatienten - Psychosoziale Belastung und Unterstützungswunsch.
Psychosocial distress and desire for support among inpatients with skin cancer.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
Long-term outcome of open surgery in CVI patients concerning postoperative complications, perioperative hemodynamics and clinical efficacy, Part I.
Protein-coding variants contribute to the risk of atopic dermatitis and skin-specific gene expression.
Psychosocial stress of dermatology inpatients and their relatives – Comparison of patients with and without cancer
Vasculitis allergica – ein nicht-IgE-vermitteltes Hypersensitivitätssyndrom
Analysis of pigmented skin lesions and malignant melanoma by Laser Doppler flowmetry–Report of different cases and further analysis by a neuronal network
Eine seltene kutane Manifestation eines systemischen B-Zell-Lymphoms unter dem klinischen Bild einer seltenen Infektionserkrankung
A rare case of a patient with PPP syndrome presenting pancreatic pseudocysts, panniculitis, and symptoms of polyarthritis. A radicular cyst of the upper jaw could be another manifestation of the syndrome.
Teledermatologie zur notfallmedizinischen Patientenversorgung
Long-term outcome of open surgery in CVI patients concerning postoperative complications, perioperative hemodynamics and clinical efficacy, Part II1
The course of Kaposi's sarcoma, a marker disease for the initial diagnosis of AIDS under ongoing cART.
Genome-wide association and HLA fine-mapping studies identify risk loci and genetic pathways underlying allergic rhinitis
Impact of radiation, systemic therapy and treatment sequencing on survival of patients with melanoma brain metastases
Lack of Significant Association between Sex Hormone Concentrations and Atopic Dermatitis in Adolescents and Adults in Two Population-Based Studies.
Rare variant analysis in eczema identifies exonic variants in DUSP1, NOTCH4 and SLC9A4.
Validierung der psychometrischen Eigenschaften einer „Modifizierten Version des Hornheider Screening-Instruments“ (HSI-MV) anhand einer Stichprobe ambulanter und stationärer Hauttumor-Patient*innen
Childhood maltreatment is not associated with atopic dermatitis in adults: results from a cross-sectional population-based cohort study.
Prevalence, atopic and psychological comorbidity of physician-diagnosed atopic dermatitis in an adult general population sample: A cross-sectional study.
Improvement of dynamic venous function after thermal ablation with steam vein occlusion–6-weeks and 1-year follow-up after 167 treatments.
Validation of the psychometric properties of a "Modified Version of the Hornheider Screening Instrument" (HSI-MV) using a sample of outpatient and inpatient skin tumor patients.