Monsees, Jessica	FIS_77864
Dementia in People with a Turkish Migration Background—Experiences and Utilization of Healthcare Services
Selbstbestimmung trotz Demenz! Probandenschutz statt Entmündigung in der Forschung (Tagungsankündigung)
Möglichkeiten und Grenzen der gruppennützigen Forschung für und mit Menschen mit Demenz – Probandenschutz statt Entmündigung in der Demenzforschung! (Tagungsankündigung)
Identifying unmet needs of family dementia caregivers: Results of the baseline assessment of a cluster-randomized controlled intervention trial
Burden of Caregivers of Patients With Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration - A Scoping Review
Comparing national dementia plans and strategies in Europe – Is there a focus of care for people with dementia from a migration background?
Prävalenz von Demenz bei Menschen mit Migrationshintergrund
Selbstbestimmung trotz Demenz! Probandenschutz statt Entmündigung in der Forschung
Die Prävalenz an Demenz erkrankter Menschen in Deutschland – eine bundesweite Analyse auf Kreisebene
How is migration background considered in the treatment and care of people - a comparison of national dementia care guidelines in Europe
Why do family dementia caregivers reject caregiver support services? Analyzing types of rejection and associated health-impairments in a cluster-randomized controlled intervention trial.
What elements are important in current treatment and care guidelines to provide culturally sensitive care for people with a migration background and dementia? A systematic analysis
Dementia Caregivers' Experiences Engaging Supportive Services While Residing in Under-Resourced Areas.
EU-Atlas: Demenz & Migration. Geschätzte Anzahl, Versorgungssituation und nationale Strategien in Bezug auf Menschen mit Migrationshintergrund mit Demenz.
EU-Atlas: Demenz & Migration
Dementia and migration: Culturally sensitive healthcare services and projects in Germany – A scoping review
Intercultural care for people of migrant origin with dementia - a literature analysis
Intersectionality and its relevance for research in dementia care of people with a migration background
Intercultural care for people of migrant origin with dementia – A literature analysis
Structures for the care of people with dementia: A European comparison
Structures for the care of people with dementia: A European comparison