Surmann, Kristin	FIS_49792
Labeling of the pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus with gold or ferric oxide-core nanoparticles highlights new capabilities for investigation of host-pathogen interactions.
Comparative proteome analysis reveals conserved and specific adaptation patterns of Staphylococcus aureus after internalization by different types of human non-professional phagocytic host cells.
Absolute quantification of the Kdp subunits of Escherichia coli by multiple reaction monitoring.
A proteomic perspective of the interplay of Staphylococcus aureus and human alveolar epithelial cells during infection.
A peptide resource for the analysis of Staphylococcus aureus in host-pathogen interaction studies.
Shotgun proteome analysis of Bordetella pertussis reveals a distinct influence of iron availability on the bacterial metabolism, virulence, and defense response
Molecular and proteome analyses highlight the importance of the Cpx envelope stress system for acid stress and cell wall stability in Escherichia coli.
Proteome analysis of Bordetella pertussis isolated from human macrophages.
Alternative fluorescent labeling strategies for characterizing gram-positive pathogenic bacteria: Flow cytometry supported counting, sorting, and proteome analysis of Staphylococcus aureus retrieved from infected host cells.
Proteome data from a host-pathogen interaction study with Staphylococcus aureus and human lung epithelial cells.
Characterization of human and Staphylococcus aureus proteins in respiratory mucosa by in vivo- and immunoproteomics.
A global Staphylococcus aureus proteome resource applied to the in vivo characterization of host-pathogen interactions.
The role of the two-component systems Cpx and Arc in protein alterations upon gentamicin treatment in Escherichia coli.
Cellular concentrations of the transporters DctA, DcuB, and the sensor DcuS of Escherichia coli and the contributions of free and complexed DcuS to transcriptional regulation by DcuR.
AureoWiki ? The repository of the Staphylococcus aureus research and annotation community.
Analysis of Staphylococcus aureus proteins secreted inside infected human epithelial cells.
A Bordetella pertussis MgtC homolog plays a role in the intracellular survival
Metabolic Cross-talk Between Human Bronchial Epithelial Cells and Internalized  as a Driver for Infection.
Shotgun proteomic analysis of Bordetella parapertussis provides insights into the physiological response to iron starvation and potential new virulence determinants absent in Bordetella pertussis.
Fumarate dependent protein composition under aerobic and anaerobic growth conditions in Escherichia coli.
Hfq modulates global protein pattern and stress response in Bordetella pertussis.
Improving Proteome Coverage for Small Sample Amounts: An Advanced Method for Proteomics Approaches with Low Bacterial Cell Numbers.
A MicroRNA Network Controls  Replication in Human Macrophages via LGALS8 and MX1.
Interaction of  and Host Cells upon Infection of Bronchial Epithelium during Different Stages of Regeneration.
Exploring metal availability in the natural niche of Streptococcus pneumoniae to discover potential vaccine antigens
Exploring Virulence Factors and Alternative Therapies against Staphylococcus aureus Pneumonia
The intracellular phase of extracellular respiratory tract bacterial pathogens and its role on pathogen-host interactions during infection.
Extracellular Vesicle Separation Techniques Impact Results from Human Blood Samples: Considerations for Diagnostic Applications
The protease SplB of Staphylococcus aureus targets host complement components and inhibits complement-mediated bacterial opsonophagocytosis.
Tight Complex Formation of the Fumarate Sensing DcuS-DcuR Two-Component System at the Membrane and Target Promoter Search by Free DcuR Diffusion.
Bordetella pertussis outer membrane vesicles as virulence factor vehicles that influence bacterial interaction with macrophages.
Screening for eukaryotic motifs in  Legionella pneumoniae reveals Smh1 as bacterial deacetylase of host histones.