Kilimann I	FIS_24103
Brain atrophy in primary progressive aphasia involves the cholinergic basal forebrain and Ayala's nucleus
Antipsychotic drug treatment in ambulatory dementia care: prevalence and correlates
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in subjects screened positive for dementia in primary care
Rates of formal diagnosis of dementia in primary care: The effect of screening
Antidementia drug treatment in people screened positive for dementia in primary care
Subjective memory impairment: no suitable criteria for case-finding of dementia in primary care
Unmet Needs of Community-Dwelling Primary Care Patients with Dementia in Germany: Prevalence and Correlates
Burden of behavioral and psychiatric symptoms in people screened positive for dementia in primary care – results of the DelpHi-study
Potentially inappropriate medication in community-dwelling primary care patients who were screened positive for dementia
Regional Pattern of Dementia and Prevalence of Hearing Impairment in Germany.
[Hearing impairment and dementia].
Translation of Imaging Biomarker from Clinical Research to Health Care
Supporting family dementia caregivers: testing the efficacy of dementia care management on multifaceted caregivers’ burden
Patient Variables Associated with the Assignment of a Formal Dementia Diagnosis to Positively Screened Primary Care Patients
Potential role of neuroimaging markers for early diagnosis of dementia in primary care
Hippocampus and Basal Forebrain Volumetry for Dementia and Mild Cognitive Impairment Diagnosis: Could It Be Useful in Primary Care?
Hearing Impairment Affects Dementia Incidence. An Analysis Based on Longitudinal Health Claims Data in Germany.
Screening for hypopituitarism in 509 patients with traumatic brain injury or subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Cost of diagnosing dementia in a German memory clinic
Effectiveness and Safety of Dementia Care Mangament in Primary Care - A Randomized Clinical Trial
Drug-related problems in community-dwelling primary care patients screened positive for dementia.
Arzneimittelprobleme lassen sich vermeiden.
Tau plasma levels in subjective cognitive decline: Results from the DELCODE study.
Cerebrospinal Fluid Neurogranin as a Biomarker of Neurodegenerative Diseases: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Diagnostic accuracy of CSF neurofilament light chain protein in the biomarker-guided classification system for Alzheimer's disease.
Two-level diagnostic classification using cerebrospinal fluid YKL-40 in Alzheimer's disease.
Hippocampal mean diffusivity for the diagnosis of dementia and mild cognitive impairment in primary care
Offene Versorgungsbedarfe pflegender Angehöriger von Menschen mit Demenz
Patients with dementia in primary care: who is referred to a neurologist/psychiatrist and what patient-oriented factors are associated with the visit?
Multicenter Resting state functional connectivity in prodromal and dementia stages of Alzheimer’s disease
Cost-Effectiveness of a Collaborative Dementia Care Management – Results of a Cluster-Randomized Controlled Trial
Alzheimer's disease biomarker-guided diagnostic workflow using the added value of six combined cerebrospinal fluid candidates: A?, total-tau, phosphorylated-tau, NFL, neurogranin, and YKL-40.
Design and first baseline data of the DZNE multicenter observational study on predementia Alzheimer's disease (DELCODE).
Left frontal hub connectivity delays cognitive impairment in autosomal-dominant and sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Identifying unmet needs of family dementia caregivers: Results of the baseline assessment of a cluster-randomized controlled intervention trial
Locus coeruleus MRI contrast is reduced in Alzheimer's disease dementia and correlates with CSF A? levels.
CSF total tau levels are associated with hippocampal novelty irrespective of hippocampal volume.
Why do family dementia caregivers reject caregiver support services? Analyzing types of rejection and associated health-impairments in a cluster-randomized controlled intervention trial.
Multicenter Tract-Based Analysis of Microstructural Lesions within the Alzheimer's Disease Spectrum: Association with Amyloid Pathology and Diagnostic Usefulness.
Biomarker-guided clustering of Alzheimer's disease clinical syndromes.
Memorability of photographs in subjective cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment: Implications for cognitive assessment.
Which features of subjective cognitive decline are related to amyloid pathology? Findings from the DELCODE study.
Structural integrity in subjective cognitive decline, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease based on multicenter diffusion tensor imaging.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in at-risk groups for AD dementia and their association with worry and AD biomarkers-results from the DELCODE study.
Small vessel disease more than Alzheimer's disease determines diffusion MRI alterations in memory clinic patients.
Minor neuropsychological deficits in patients with subjective cognitive decline.
Effectiveness of a digitally supported care management programme to reduce unmet needs of family caregivers of people with dementia: study protocol for a cluster randomised controlled trial (GAIN)
Abnormal Regional and Global Connectivity Measures in Subjective Cognitive Decline Depending on Cerebral Amyloid Status.
Hippocampal and Hippocampal-Subfield Volumes From Early-Onset Major Depression and Bipolar Disorder to Cognitive Decline.
Mediterranean Diet, Alzheimer Disease Biomarkers and Brain Atrophy in Old Age.
Harmonizing neuropsychological assessment for mild neurocognitive disorders in Europe.
[LATE: not every dementia is Alzheimer's disease-Discussion of a new disease entity based on a case example : Current status of limbic-predominant age-related TDP-43 encephalopathy (LATE)].
The BDNF SNP modulates the association between beta-amyloid and hippocampal disconnection in Alzheimer's disease.
[Feasibility and effects of a psychotherapeutic group intervention for caregiving relatives of people with dementia].
Parallel Atrophy of Cortex and Basal Forebrain Cholinergic System in Mild Cognitive Impairment.