Lerch, Markus	FIS_2237
Autoimmune pancreatitis in MRL/Mp mice is a T cell-mediated disease responsive to cyclosporine A and rapamycin treatment.
Quality control of parenteral nutrition in hospitalized patients.
Secretin-Stimulated MRCP in Volunteers: Assessment of Safety, Duct Visualization, and Pancreatic Exocrine Function.
Recent advances in autoimmune pancreatitis: type 1 and type 2.
Effect of magnesium supplementation and depletion on the onset and course of acute experimental pancreatitis.
Cohort profile: Greifswald approach to individualized medicine (GANI_MED).
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with autoimmune hepatitis type 1.
Association of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Anatomic variants of the pancreatic duct and their clinical relevance: an MR-guided study in the general population.
Mnk1 is a novel acinar cell-specific kinase required for exocrine pancreatic secretion and response to pancreatitis in mice.
Evaluation of genome-wide loci of iron metabolism in hereditary hemochromatosis identifies PCSK7 as a host risk factor of liver cirrhosis.
Development, external validation, and comparative assessment of a new diagnostic score for hepatic steatosis.
Alcohol Disrupts Levels and Function of the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator to Promote Development of Pancreatitis.
Polymorphisms at PRSS1-PRSS2 and CLDN2-MORC4 loci associate with alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis in a European replication study.
[Does the hospital cost of care differ for inflammatory bowel disease patients with or without gastrointestinal infections? A case-control study].
Incidence of pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer in a randomized controlled multicenter trial (SAVOR-TIMI 53) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor saxagliptin.
[Development of gastrointestinal infectious diseases between 2000 and 2012].
The anti-inflammasome effect of lactate and the lactate GPR81-receptor in pancreatic and liver inflammation.
The effect of oral pancreatic enzyme supplementation on the course and outcome of acute pancreatitis: a randomized, double-blind parallel-group study.
Mutations in the human UBR1 gene and the associated phenotypic spectrum.
Total pancreatectomy and islet autotransplantation in chronic pancreatitis: recommendations from PancreasFest.
[Neuroendocrine tumours of the GI tract--data from the German NET Registry].
IgG4-related disease: a new kid on the block or an old aquaintance?
Predictive factors for an incidence of readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis
Identifikation prädiktiver Faktoren für die Krankenhauswiederaufnahme bei Patienten mit akuter und chronischer Pankreatitis - eine monozentrische retrospektive Analyse
Predictive factors for Hospital readmission of patients with acute or chronic pancreatitis - a single center study
[International multidisciplinary classification of acute pancreatitis severity: the 2013 Spanish edition].
Gene Conversion between Cationic Trypsinogen (PRSS1) and the Pseudogene Trypsinogen 6 (PRSS3P2) in Patients with Chronic Pancreatitis.
[Snake bite in a 53-year-old female tourist.]
Pancreatic Steatosis Demonstrated at MR Imaging in the General Population: Clinical Relevance.
ABO blood type B and fucosyltransferase 2 non-secretor status as genetic risk factors for chronic pancreatitis.
The Clinical and Socio-Economic Relevance of Increased IPMN Detection Rates and Management Choices.
The combined effects of alcohol consumption and body mass index on hepatic steatosis in a general population sample of European men and women.
Complement Component 5 Mediates Development of Fibrosis, via Activation of Stellate Cells, in 2 Mouse Models of Chronic Pancreatitis.
A genome-wide association study confirms PNPLA3 and identifies TM6SF2 and MBOAT7 as risk loci for alcohol-related cirrhosis.
Lysosome associated membrane proteins maintain pancreatic acinar cell homeostasis: LAMP-2 deficient mice develop pancreatitis.
Englischsprachige Version der S3-Leitlinie Chronische Pankreatitis
Genetic susceptibility factors for alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis.
Prospective cohort study comparing transient EUS guided elastography to EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of solid pancreatic mass lesions.
Acute Pancreatitis-Progress and Challenges: A Report on an International Symposium.
Predictive factors for and incidence of hospital readmissions of patients with acute and chronic pancreatitis.
A recombined allele of the lipase gene CEL and its pseudogene CELP confers susceptibility to chronic pancreatitis.
Liver injury and genetic polymorphisms in the cytochrome P450 and UDP-glucuronosyltransferase genes.
Genetic polymorphisms in the UDP-glucuronosyltransferase UGT1A7 gene in patients with acute liver failure after kava-kava consumption.
Natural History and Management of Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasms: Current Evidence.
Early detection of sporadic pancreatic cancer: summative review.
International Consensus Guidance Statement on the Management and Treatment of IgG4-Related Disease.
miRNAs and chemoresistance of pancreatic cancer: the role of mir-125b and mir-100 in gemcitabine resistance
Cathepsin B mediated Protease activation increases acinar cell apoptosis
Genetic variants associated with PDAC also contribute to chronic pancreatitis
Long-term cancer surveillance of patients with hereditary pancreatitis and ERCP-proven pancreatic duct strictures
Langzeituntersuchung zur Karzinomentstehung bei Patienten mit hereditärer Pankreatitis und Pankreasgangstenosen in der ERCP
Cathepsin D Expression in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells increases Proliferation and reduces survival of pancreatic cancer patients
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with a distinct fecal microbiome signature - a case control study
Does a Pancreatic Duct Aboce 3 mm Warrant Diagnostic Workup? Clues from a Population based cohort
Chronic stress increases experimental pancreatic cancer growth, reduces survival and can be antagonised by beta-adrenergic receptor blockade.
Why is one arm stronger than two arms? IgG4 antibodies in IgG4-related autoimmune pancreatitis.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
Tumour-specific delivery of siRNA-coupled superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, targeted against PLK1, stops progression of pancreatic cancer.
Circulating Angiopoietin-2 and Its Soluble Receptor Tie-2 Concentrations Are Related to Renal Function in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
PCSK9 genetic variants and risk of type 2 diabetes: a mendelian randomisation study.
Evaluation of a non-invasive multisensor accelerometer for calculating energy expenditure in ventilated intensive care patients compared to indirect calorimetry and predictive equations.
Defining chronic pancreatitis with a focus on pathological stress responses.
Development of Pancreatic Cancer: Targets for Early Detection and Treatment.
Nutrition in Pancreatic Cancer: A Review.
Copy number variants and VNTR length polymorphisms of the carboxyl-ester lipase (CEL) gene as risk factors in pancreatic cancer.
Early Parenteral Nutrition in Patients with Biliopancreatic Mass Lesions, a Prospective, Randomized Intervention Trial.
The lysosomal Protease Cathepsin C regulates leukocyte invasion and apoptosis in acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin C reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis durch Beeinflussung der Leukozyteninfiltration und Apoptose
International consensus for the treatment of autoimmune pancreatitis.
Chronic Pancreatitis in the 21st Century - Research Challenges and Opportunities: Summary of a National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Workshop.
FOLFIRI plus cetuximab versus FOLFIRI plus bevacizumab for metastatic colorectal cancer (FIRE-3): a post-hoc analysis of tumour dynamics in the final RAS wild-type subgroup of this randomised open-label phase 3 trial.
The impact of diabetes mellitus on survival following resection and adjuvant chemotherapy for pancreatic cancer.
Fecal Microbiota Transplant in Patients With Recurrent Clostridium Difficile Infection.
CEA response is associated with tumor response and survival in patients with KRAS exon 2 wild-type and extended RAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer receiving first-line FOLFIRI plus cetuximab or bevacizumab (FIRE-3 trial).
Specificity of a Polyclonal Fecal Elastase ELISA for CELA3.
Cathepsin B Activity Initiates Apoptosis via Digestive Protease Activation in Pancreatic Acinar Cells and Experimental Pancreatitis.
Externalized decondensed neutrophil chromatin occludes pancreatic ducts and drives pancreatitis.
Prospective cohort study comparing transient EUS guided elastography to EUS-FNA for the diagnosis of solid pancreatic mass lesions
Metabolic biomarker signature to differentiate pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma from chronic pancreatitis.
Effect of oral administration of AZD8309, a CXCR2 antagonist, on the severity of experimental pancreatitis.
Physical Activity, Energy Expenditure, Nutritional Habits, Quality of Sleep and Stress Levels in Shift-Working Health Care Personnel.
EGFR1 Targeted Delivery of 5-Fluorouracil Using Tumor Specific Theranostic Aptamers in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma
Intracellular Trypsinogen Activation in Phagocyting Macrophages Acts as DAMP Fueling Severe Acute Pancreatitis
Mortality is associated with inflammation, anemia, specific diseases and treatments, and molecular markers.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Association between Serum Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone Levels and Visceral Adipose Tissue: A Population-Based Study in Northeast Germany.
Psychosocial features of irritable bowel syndrome in the study of health in Pomerania (SHIP)
Prospective study on the incidence, prevalence and 5-year pancreatic-related mortality of pancreatic cysts in a population-based study.
Partial pancreatoduodenectomy versus duodenum-preserving pancreatic head resection in chronic pancreatitis: the multicentre, randomised, controlled, double-blind ChroPac trial.
Is hepatic steatosis associated with left ventricular mass index increase in the general population?
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Do Genetic Markers of Inflammation Modify the Relationship between Periodontitis and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease? Findings from the SHIP Study.
Periodontitis and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, a population-based cohort investigation in the Study of Health in Pomerania.
Cathepsin B-mediated Activation of Trypsinogen in Endocytosing Macrophages Increases Severity of Pancreatitis in Mice.
Comprehensive metabolic profiling of chronic low-grade inflammation among generally healthy individuals.
Plasma protein profiling of patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm of the pancreas as potential precursor lesions of pancreatic cancer.
Helicobacter pylori colonization and obesity - a Mendelian randomization study.
MEASUREMENT OF PANCREATIC SIZE IN A POPULATION-BASED COHORT: COMPARISON OF ULTRASOUND AND MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING
The PNPLA3 SNP rs738409:G allele is associated with increased liver disease-associated mortality but reduced overall mortality in a population-based cohort.
Erratum: Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Cathepsin D regulates cathepsin B activation and disease severity predominantly in inflammatory cells during experimental pancreatitis.
Development and Validation of a Chronic Pancreatitis Prognosis Score in 2 Independent Cohorts.
Describing Peripancreatic Collections According to the Revised Atlanta Classification of Acute Pancreatitis: An International Interobserver Agreement Study.
Cathepsin C Affects Severity of Acute Pancreatitis by Regulating Activation of Neutrophil Enzymes
Endoskopische Vollwandresektion mit dem FTRD im klinischen Alltag
Regionaler Vergleich von Ernährungsgewohnheiten der Normalbevölkerung in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland
Definition of Age dependent reference values for Diameter of the common bile duct and ancreatic duct on MRCP from a Population based cohort study
Einfluss der Calpaine auf die lysosomale Permeabilisierung und Proteasenaktivierung in der akuten experimentellen Pankreatitis
Genome-wide association study identifies inversion in the CTRB1-CTRB2 locus to modify risk for alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis.
NLRP3 Inflammasome activation in macrophages regulates systemic Inflammation and severity during acute pancreatitis
[German Society of Gastroenterology, Digestive and Metabolic Diseases (DGVS) position statement on endoscopic decompression in acute Ileus].
[The revised version of standard terminology in gastroenterological endoscopy - result of a consensus project of the german society for gastroenterology, digestive and metabolic diseases].
The Impact of Positive Resection Margins on Survival and Recurrence Following Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy for Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma.
High versus low energy administration in the early phase of acute pancreatitis (GOULASH trial): protocol of a multicentre randomised double-blind clinical trial.
[Cost assessment for endoscopic procedures in the German diagnosis-related-group (DRG) system - 5 year cost data analysis of the German Society of Gastroenterology project].
Chronic pancreatitis.
Newcastle disease virus mediates pancreatic tumor rejection via NK cell activation and prevents cancer relapse by prompting adaptive immunity.
Potential for Screening for Pancreatic Exocrine Insufficiency Using the Fecal Elastase-1 Test.
Necrosis, Apoptosis, Necroptosis, Pyroptosis: It Matters How Acinar Cells Die During Pancreatitis.
Do Animal Models of Acute Pancreatitis Reproduce Human Disease?
Schlangenbiss
Roles of autophagy and metabolism in pancreatic cancer cell adaptation to environmental challenges.
Effective treatment of benign biliary strictures with a removable, fully covered, self-expandable metal stent: A prospective, multicenter European study.
United European Gastroenterology evidence-based guidelines for the diagnosis and therapy of chronic pancreatitis (HaPanEU).
Qualitative Assessment of the Symptoms and Impact of Pancreatic Exocrine Insufficiency (PEI) to Inform the Development of a Patient-Reported Outcome (PRO) Instrument.
Functional abdominal pain and discomfort (IBS) is not associated with faecal microbiota composition in the general population.
Reducing uncertainty in estimating associations of oral exposures with Helicobacter pylori serology in the general population.
Hepatic steatosis associates with adverse molecular signatures in subjects without diabetes.
Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors: Clinical Symptoms, Location, Metastasis Formation, and Associated Malignancies in a Single Center Retrospective Study.
Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function Associates With Changes in Intestinal Microbiota Composition and Diversity.
The Importance of Aquaporin 1 in Pancreatitis and Its Relation to the CFTR Cl Channel.
Clinical phenotypes of IgG4-related disease: an analysis of two international cross-sectional cohorts.
Deficiency of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduction of neutrophil elastase activation and cleavage of E-cadherin.
Common variants in the CLDN2-MORC4 and PRSS1-PRSS2 loci confer susceptibility to acute pancreatitis.
Chronic pancreatitis: an update on genetic risk factors.
IRAK-M regulates the local and systemic immune Responses in acute pancreatitis
LMP7 immunoproteasome knockout mice Show delayed inflammatory respnse during acute pancreatitis: protective or harmful effect?
Pink1-Parkin mediated mitophagy in acute pancreatitis
Non classical macrophage polarization regulates the immune response during acute pancreatitis
Cathepsin D reguliert den Schweregrad der akuten Pankreatitis über eine Aktivierung von Cathepsin D inflammatorischer Zellen
Endoscopic Management of complications of aöcute pancreatitis: An update on the field
European evidence-based guidelines on pancreatic cystic neoplasms.
Genetics and pathophysiology of pancreatitis.
Psychometric evaluation of a patient-reported outcome measure in pancreatic exocrine insufficiency (PEI).
Recommendations from the United European Gastroenterology evidence-based guidelines for the diagnosis and therapy of chronic pancreatitis.
[Wolfgang Schepp MD - Introduction of the conference chairman 2018 of the German Society of Gastroenterology, Digestive and Metabolic Diseases].
Recurrent Acute Pancreatitis: International State-of-the-Science Conference With Recommendations.
International consensus statements on early chronic Pancreatitis. Recommendations from the working group for the international consensus guidelines for chronic pancreatitis in collaboration with The International Association of Pancreatology, American Pancreatic Association, Japan Pancreas Society, PancreasFest Working Group and European Pancreatic Club.
The shaping, making and baking of a pancreatologist.
Reply.
Disentangling the genetics of lean mass.
Role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and protein misfolding in disorders of the liver and pancreas
Variants in ABCG8 and TRAF3 genes confer risk for gallstone disease in admixed Latinos with Mapuche Native American ancestry.
Accuracy of ultrasonography in the assessment of liver fat compared with MRI
Pancreatic Steatosis Is Associated With Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function
Associations of circulating chemerin and adiponectin concentrations with hepatic steatosis.
Obese Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes Show Different Gut Microbial Functional Capacity and Composition.
Copy number variants in lipid metabolism genes are associated with gallstones disease in men.
Associations of autozygosity with a broad range of human phenotypes.
The impact of physiological stress conditions on protein structure and trypsin inhibition of serine protease inhibitor Kazal type 1 (SPINK1) and its N34S variant.
Phenome-wide association analysis of LDL-cholesterol lowering genetic variants in PCSK9.
NLRP3 Inflammasome Regulates Development of Systemic Inflammatory Respoes in Mice With Acute Pancreatitis.
A structured weight loss program increases gut microbiota phylogenetic diversity and reduces levels of Collinsella in obese type 2 diabetics: A pilot study.
Helicobacter pylori infection associates with fecal microbiota composition and diversity.
Comparability of Size Measurements of the Pancreas in Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Transabdominal Ultrasound.
Absence of the neutrophil serine protease cathepsin G decreases neutrophil granulocyte infiltration but does not change the severity of acute pancreatitis.
Common variants in glyoxalase I do not increase chronic pancreatitis risk.
Determination of the Pathological Features of NPC1 Variants in a Cellular Complementation Test.
Early trypsin activation develops independently of autophagy in caerulein-induced pancreatitis in mice.
Etiology and Risk Factors of Acute and Chronic Pancreatitis.
Macrophage-derived cytokines of the IL1 Family simultaneously regulate pro-and anti-Inflammation during severe acute pancreatitis
The depletion of Foxp3+/CD25+ regulatory T cells drives a Th2 immune Response and reduces severity in a mouse model of acute pancreatitis
Depletion of cathepsin C ameliorates severity of acute pancreatitis by reduced activation of elastase in neutrophil granulocytes
Interleukin 33 regulates Th2 T-cell Differentiation and macrophage polarization during acute pancreatitis
Degradation of cystatin C, an endogenous cathepsin inhibitor, stabilizes cathepsin B activity within pancreatic zymogen granules
Ernährung und Enzymsubstitution bei Pankreasinsuffizienz
Non-cardia early gastric cancer in central Vietnam: uncommon background mucosa and preliminary results of ESD Treatments after 5 years
Die lysosomale Protease Cathepsin C beeinflusst über Aktivierung von neutrophilen Serinproteasen die akute Pankreatitis
Digestive enzyme expression in the large intestine of children with short bowel syndrome in a late stage of adaptation.
LIFEStyle, Prevention and Risk of Acute PaNcreatitis (LIFESPAN): protocol of a multicentre and multinational observational case-control study.
The Complex Role of Trypsin in Pancreatitis.
[Prognostic significance and economic burden of hepatic encephalopathy in liver cirrhosis in German hospitals based on G-DRG data].
Internal medicine - between cross-cutting and caring
Patterns of Recurrence After Resection of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma: A Secondary Analysis of the ESPAC-4 Randomized Adjuvant Chemotherapy Trial.
Observational longitudinal multicentre investigation of acute pancreatitis (GOULASH PLUS): follow-up of the GOULASH study, protocol.
Pancreatic Exocrine Insufficiency as a Complication of Gastrointestinal Surgery and the Impact of Pancreatic Enzyme Replacement Therapy.
Cutting Edge: Protein Arginine Deiminase 2 and 4 Regulate NLRP3 Inflammasome-Dependent IL-1? Maturation and ASC Speck Formation in Macrophages.
Endoscopic sphincterotoMy for delayIng choLecystectomy in mild acute biliarY pancreatitis (EMILY study): protocol of a multicentre randomised clinical trial.
Endoscopic management of complications of acute pancreatitis: an update on the field.
Associations of iron markers with type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome: results from the prospective SHIP study.
The Gut Microbiome in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis Is Characterized by Significant Dysbiosis and Overgrowth by Opportunistic Pathogens.
Long-term instability of the intestinal microbiome is associated with metabolic liver disease, low microbiota diversity, diabetes mellitus and impaired exocrine pancreatic function.
Associations between shift work and risk of colorectal cancer in two German cohort studies.
Exocrine Pancreatic Function Modulates Plasma Metabolites Through Changes in Gut Microbiota Composition.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
New horizons in pancreatic genetics
Zelluläre Pathomechanismen der akuten Pankreatitis
Immunsuppression during severe acute pancreatitis is associated with a dramatic shift in intestinal microbiota composition and infected necrosis
Cystatin C regulates Cathepsin B activity within pancreatic zymogen granules and prevents pancreatic protease activation
Depletion of CD25+/FoxP3+ regulatory T cells increases fibrosis in a chronic model of pancreatitis
Disturbance of the immunoproteasome function and ER stress response correlates with persistent pancreatic damage in acute pancreatitis
Multizentrische Querschnittstudie zum Verständnis der Fatigue-Symptomatik bei Patienten mit Leberzirrhose und chronischer Pankreatitis
Comparison of pancreatic size measurements in transabdominal ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging and its dependence on age, gender, and body mass index in apopulation-based cohort
Association of proton pump inhibitor use with endothelial function and metabolites of the nitric oxide pathway: A cross-sectional study.
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Carrying asymptomatic gallstones is not associated with changes in intestinal microbiota composition and diversity but cholecystectomy with significant dysbiosis
Efficiency of a 15-Week Weight-Loss Program, Including a Low-Calorie Formula Diet, on Glycemic Control in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Overweight or Obesity.
Association of hepatic steatosis derived from ultrasound and quantitative MRI with prediabetes in the general population.
A Hypothesized Mechanism for Chronic Pancreatitis Caused by the N34S Mutation of Serine Protease Inhibitor Kazal-Type 1 Based on Conformational Studies
Entwicklung eines prädiktiven Modells zur frühzeitigen Detektion der infizierten Pankreasnekrose bei akuter Pankreatitis
Loss of muscle mass and strength in experimental chronic pancreatitis
Impact of systemic bile acids in acute pancreatitis depend on their hydrophobicity and may result from their interaction with CCK1 receptor
Pankreas und Mikrobiom - Erkenntnisse für die Praxis
Feasibility of a 3-month supportive ambulant nutrition therapy (SANT) in malnourished patients with liver cirrhosis and chronic pancreatitis
Lipoprotein(a) and Metabolic Syndrome.
Erratum: Non-cardia early gastric cancer in Central Vietnam: noticeable uncommon background mucosa and results of endoscopic submucosal dissection.
Infection of (Peri-)Pancreatic Necrosis Is Associated with Increased Rates of Adverse Events during Endoscopic Drainage: A Retrospective Study.
Mobilization of CD11b/Ly6c monocytes causes multi organ dysfunction syndrome in acute pancreatitis.
Quality of life and sleep in individuals with irritable bowel syndrome according to different diagnostic criteria and inflammatory bowel diseases: A comparison using data from a population-based survey.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.
The Inhibitory Response to PI3K/AKT Pathway Inhibitors MK-2206 and Buparlisib Is Related to Genetic Differences in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Cell Lines.
Inhibitory Response to CK II Inhibitor Silmitasertib and CDKs Inhibitor Dinaciclib Is Related to Genetic Differences in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Cell Lines.
HLA-DRB1?16 and -DQB1?05 alleles are strongly associated with autoimmune pancreatitis in a cohort of hundred patients.
Whole-exome Sequencing Identifies SLC52A1 and ZNF106 Variants as Novel Genetic Risk Factors for (Early) Multiple-organ Failure in Acute Pancreatitis.
Independent Validation and Assay Standardization of Improved Metabolic Biomarker Signature to Differentiate Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma From Chronic Pancreatitis.
Inhibition of KRAS, MEK and PI3K Demonstrate Synergistic Anti-Tumor Effects in Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Cell Lines.
Malnutrition Is Highly Prevalent in Patients With Chronic Pancreatitis and Characterized by Loss of Skeletal Muscle Mass but Absence of Impaired Physical Function.
[The microbiome in internal medicine].
[The role of the microbiome in diseases of the pancreas].
Structural and Biophysical Insights into SPINK1 Bound to Human Cationic Trypsin.
Analysis of ESPEN and GLIM algorithms reveals specific drivers for the diagnosis of malnutrition in patients with chronic gastrointestinal diseases.
Non-cardia early gastric cancer in Central Vietnam: noticeable uncommon background mucosa and results of endoscopic submucosa dissection.
S3-Leitlinie Pankreatitis – Leitlinie der Deutschen Gesellschaft für Gastroenterologie, Verdauungs- und Stoffwechselkrankheiten (DGVS) – September 2021 – AWMF Registernummer 021-003
Genetic Testing for Rare Diseases: A Systematic Review of Ethical Aspects.
Associations of age, sex, and socioeconomic status with adherence to guideline recommendations on protein intake and micronutrient supplementation in patients with sleeve gastrectomy or Roux-en-Y gastric bypass