Kromrey, Marie-Luise	FIS_63739
Accuracy of simple approaches to assessing liver volume in radiological imaging
Quantification of liver proton-density fat fraction in 7.1T preclinical MR systems: Impact of the fitting technique.
Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Changes in Abdominal Compartments in Obese Diabetics during a Low-Calorie Weight-Loss Program.
Erratum to: Intravenous injection of gadobutrol in an epidemiological study group did not lead to a difference in relative signal intensities of certain brain structures after 5 years.
Bildgebung des Pankreaskarzinoms
Monitoring of abdominal Staphylococcus aureus infection using magnetic resonance imaging: a murine animal model for hepatic and renal abscesses.
Repeated intravenous administration of gadobutrol does not lead to increased signal intensity on unenhanced T1-weighted images-a voxel-based whole brain analysis.
Prevalence of Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatic Iron Overload in a Northeastern German Population by Using Quantitative MR Imaging.
Pulmonary emphysema is a predictor of pneumothorax after CT-guided transthoracic pulmonary biopsies of pulmonary nodules.
Prospective study on the incidence, prevalence and 5-year pancreatic-related mortality of pancreatic cysts in a population-based study.
Metastatische Kalzifikation der Lunge – Gutartiges pulmonales Krankheitsbild bei einem Patienten mit Niereninsuffizienz.
Several adaptor proteins promote intracellular localisation of the transporter MRP4/ABCC4 in platelets and haematopoietic cells.
MEASUREMENT OF PANCREATIC SIZE IN A POPULATION-BASED COHORT: COMPARISON OF ULTRASOUND AND MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING
Reference Values of Liver Volume in Caucasian Population and Factors Influencing Liver Size
Low dose caffeine as a salivary tracer for the determination of gastric water emptying in fed and fasted state: A MRI validation study
A rare type of thyroid mass with acute dyspnea
Eine seltene Differentialdiagnose der Lungenarterienembolie
Software-based noise reduction in cranial magnetic resonance imaging: Influence on image quality.
Accuracy of ultrasonography in the assessment of liver fat compared with MRI
Pancreatic Steatosis Is Associated With Impaired Exocrine Pancreatic Function
Characterization of the gastrointestinal transit and disintegration behavior of floating and sinking acid-resistant capsules using a novel MRI labeling technique
Predicting Patients With Insufficient Liver Enhancement in the Hepatobiliary Phase Before the Injection of Gadoxetic Acid: A Practical Approach Using the Bayesian Method
Utility of Stack-of-Stars Acquisition for Hepatobiliary Phase Imaging without Breath-holding
Combined Application of MRI and the Salivary Tracer Technique to Determine the in Vivo Disintegration Time of Immediate Release Formulation Administered to Healthy, Fasted Subjects
The so-called “ bovine aortic arch ” : a possible biomarker for embolic strokes?
Comparability of Size Measurements of the Pancreas in Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Transabdominal Ultrasound.
Identifying communication-related predictors of patient satisfaction in a briefing prior to contrast-enhanced computed tomography
Comparison of In Vitro and In Vivo Results Using the GastroDuo and the Salivary Tracer Technique: Immediate Release Dosage Forms under Fasting Conditions
Clinical Evaluation of Respiratory-triggered 3D MRCP with Navigator Echoes Compared to Breath-hold Acquisition Using Compressed Sensing and/or Parallel Imaging
In vivo characterization of enTRinsic™ drug delivery technology capsule after intake in fed state: A cross-validation approach using salivary tracer technique in comparison to MRI.
Diagnostik und Differenzialdiagnostik der mesenterialen Ischämie
Reduction of respiratory motion artifacts in gadoxetate-enhanced MR with a deep learning-based filter using convolutional neural network
Diffusion-weighted MRI-based Virtual Elastography for the Assessment of Liver Fibrosis
Optimal target b-value on computed diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging for visualization of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and focal autoimmune pancreatitis
Motion Artifact Reduction Using a Convolutional Neural Network for Dynamic Contrast Enhanced MR Imaging of the Liver
Gadoxetate disodium-related event during image acquisition: a prospective multi-institutional study for better MR practice
Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate
Accelerated Acquisition of High-resolution Diffusion-weighted Imaging of the Brain with a Multi-shot Echo-planar Sequence: Deep-Learning-based Denoising
Right Pulmonary Vein Atresia in a Mildly Symptomatic Boy: Comprehensive Analysis of Flow Dynamics Using Non-contrast-enhanced 4D Flow MR Imaging
Hepatic steatosis and hepatic iron overload modify the association of iron markers with glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome.
Long-term outcome of incidental cystic liver tumors in the general population.
Whole-body R2? mapping to quantify tissue iron in iron storage organs: reference values and a genotype.
Associations of liver volume and other markers of hepatic steatosis with all-cause mortality in the general population.
SHIP-MR and Radiology: 12 Years of Whole-Body Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Single Center
Pancreatitis severity in mice with impaired CFTR function but pancreatic sufficiency is mediated via ductal and inflammatory cells-Not acinar cells.
The Effect of Capsule-in-Capsule Combinations on In Vivo Disintegration in Human Volunteers: A Combined Imaging and Salivary Tracer Study
Association between thyroid function and assessment of hepatic fat and iron contents by magnetic resonance imaging.
Simple diameter measurement as predictor of liver volume and liver parenchymal disease.
Epidemiological Factors Associated With Intraductal Papillary Mucinous Neoplasm of the Pancreas: A Dual Center Case-Control Study.
Identification of early predictors for infected necrosis in acute pancreatitis.
In Vivo Evaluation of a Gastro-Resistant HPMC-Based "Next Generation Enteric" Capsule.
Reliability and accuracy of straightforward measurements for liver volume determination in ultrasound and computed tomography compared to real volumetry
Correction to: Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate.
Diagnostic performance and image quality of low-tube voltage and low-contrast medium dose protocol with hybrid iterative reconstruction for hepatic dynamic CT
The relationship between homoarginine and liver biomarkers: a combination of epidemiological and clinical studies.