Richter, Adrian	FIS_76137
Are prognostic factors adequately selected to guide treatment decisions in patients with rheumatoid arthritis? A collaborative analysis from three observational cohorts.
Guidelines and recommendations for ensuring Good Epidemiological Practice (GEP): a guideline developed by the German Society for Epidemiology
Gute Praxis Datenlinkage (GPD)
Long-term effectiveness of tocilizumab in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, stratified by number of previous treatment failures with biologic agents: results from the German RABBIT cohort
Frequency of MRI changes suggestive of axial spondyloarthritis in the axial skeleton in a large population-based cohort of individuals aged &lt;45 years
Data quality monitoring in clinical and observational epidemiologic studies: the role of metadata and process information
Häufigkeiten muskuloskelettaler Symptome und Erkrankungen in der bevölkerungsbezogenen NAKO Gesundheitsstudie
Recall accuracy of notifications about incidental findings from an MRI examination: results from a population-based study
Gehört die statistische Signifikanz aufs Altenteil? [Should statistical significance be retired?]
Repositioning of the global epicentre of non-optimal cholesterol.
The effects of incidental findings from whole-body MRI on the frequency of biopsies and detected malignancies or benign conditions in a general population cohort study
Good Practice Data Linkage (GPD): A Translation of the German Version
Which factors are associated with bone marrow oedema suspicious of axial spondyloarthritis as detected by MRI in the sacroiliac joints and the spine in the general population?
Assessment of a data quality guideline by representatives of German epidemiologic cohort studies
Variability of Thyroid Measurements from Ultrasound and Laboratory in a Repeated Measurements Study
Height and body-mass index trajectories of school-aged children and adolescents from 1985 to 2019 in 200 countries and territories: a pooled analysis of 2181 population-based studies with 65 million participants.
Heterogeneous contributions of change in population distribution of body mass index to change in obesity and underweight.
dataquieR: assessment of data quality in epidemiological research
Facilitating harmonized data quality assessments. A data quality framework for observational health research data collections with software implementations in R
Response to: 'Correspondence on 'Which factors are associated with bone marrow oedema suspicious of axial spondyloarthritis as detected by MRI in the sacroiliac joints and the spine in the general population?' by Su et al.
[Answering epidemiologic rheumatologic questions by cooperation with the large population-based SHIP cohort-findings with relevance for the diagnosis of axial spondyloarthritis (axSpA)].
Predicting Physician Consultations for Low Back Pain Using Claims Data and Population-Based Cohort Data—An Interpretable Machine Learning Approach
Response to: 'Frequency of MRI changes suggestive of axial spondyloarthritis in the axial in a large population-based cohort of individuals aged <45 years' by Parperis.
Striking sex differences in magnetic resonance imaging findings in the sacroiliac joints in the population
Cohort Profile Update: The Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP).
Towards the achievement of universal health coverage in the Democratic Republic of Congo: does the Country walk its talk?
Variability of biomarkers used for the classification of metabolic syndrome: A repeated measurements study.
Conducting an Epidemiologic Study and Making It FAIR: Reusable Tools and Procedures from a Population-Based Cohort Study.