Gründling, Matthias	FIS_98
Prevalence and clinical implications of anti-PF4/heparin antibodies in intensive care patients: a prospective observational study.
Short time impact of different hydroxyethyl starch solutions on the mesenteric microcirculation in experimental sepsis in rats
Discrepant post filter ionized calcium concentrations by common blood gas analyzers in CRRT using regional citrate anticoagulation.
Incidence of pathogen detection in blood cultures of severe sepsis and septic shock patients is higher, if blood cultures were drawn before anti-infective therapy
90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock is reduced by initiation of oral beta-blocker therapy and increased by discontinuation of a pre-existing beta-blocker treatment.
Sustained reduction of intensive care - and hospital length of stay for severe sepsis and septic shock patients by a continuois quality improvement program over 7.5 years
Sustained reduction of 90-day mortality of severe sepsis and septic shock as a result of a continuous training program for physicians and nursing staff
Patient-side automated blood culture incubation shortens the time to positivity significantly
Reduction of 90-day mortality in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock by initiation of oral beta-blocker treatment and continuation of a previous beta-blocker therapy
Transfusion practice in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock was not affected by cardiac comorbidities: a retrospective study
Mortality of Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock in Mecklenburg- Western Pomerania: The INSEP-Study
Mortality of blood-culture-positive vs. blood-culture-negative patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Dauerhafte Reduktion der 90-Tage-Letalität der schweren Sepsis und des septischen Schocks durch Schulungen des ärztlichen und Pflegepersonals
Anhaltende Reduktion der Intensiv- und Krankenhausliegedauer bei schwerer Sepsis und septischem Schock durch ein kontinuierliches Qualitätsmanagementprojekt über 7,5 Jahre
ICU patients generate a pathogen-specific humoral immune response during sepsis
Orale Betablockertherapie reduziert die 90 Tage Letalität der schweren Sepsis - retrospektive Kohortenuntersuchung an 580 Patienten zum Absetzen einer bestehenden Therapie und zu einer neubegonnenen Therapie
Association between trends in clinical variables and outcome in intensive care patients with faecal peritonitis: analysis of the GenOSept cohort.
Glutamine and antioxidants in the critically ill patient: a post hoc analysis of a large-scale randomized trial
Impact of infection on the prognosis of critically ill cirrhotic patients: results from a large worldwide study.
Abdominal infections in the intensive care unit: characteristics, treatment and determinants of outcome.
Quality Improvement Initiative for Severe Sepsis and Septic Shock Reduces 90-Day Mortality: A 7.5-Year Observational Study.
Evaluation of a non-invasive multisensor accelerometer for calculating energy expenditure in ventilated intensive care patients compared to indirect calorimetry and predictive equations.
VANISH: a challenge for curren sepsis guidelines!
Effect of Sodium Selenite Administration and Procalcitonin-Guided Therapy on Mortality in Patients With Severe Sepsis or Septic Shock: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
How Sepsis-3 changes previous severe sepsis and septic shock cohorts in respect to mortality and length of stay
Continuing chronic beta-blockade in the acute phase of severe sepsis and septic shock is associated with decreased mortality rates up to 90 days.
Effect of a multifaceted educational intervention for anti-infectious measures on sepsis mortality: a cluster randomized trial
Dynamic Evolution of SOFA-Score before Sepsis-1 Onset in Patients with ICU acquired Sepsis
Procalcitonin  levels to predict blood culture results in patients with suspected infections
The role of enterococci in the treatment of patients with severe sepsis and septic shock
Detection of Staphylococcus aureus Bacteremia by fully automated Multiplex PCR (Curetis Unyvero)
Early detection of ESBL by Accelerate PhenoTM system - a case report
Weniger ist mehr - erfolgreiche Kampf gegen Sepsis
New Sepsis-3 definition: Do we have to treat sepsis before we can diagnose it from now on?
Sepsis erkennen im Rettungsdienst: Ergebnisse einer interprofessionellen Befragung zur präklinischen und frühen innerklinischen Sepsiserkennung
Impact of antibiotic administration on blood culture positivity at the beginning of sepsis: a prospective clinical cohort study.
Do Sepsis-3 criteria facilitate earlier recognition of sepsis and septic shock? A retrospective cohort study.
Sepsis ist ein Notfall – was müssen wir beachten?
The association of intensive care with utilization and costs of outpatient healthcare services and quality of life.
Notfall Sepsis: Erkennen, Diagnose, Therapie.
On-site blood culture incubation shortens the time to knowledge of positivity and microbiological results in septic patients.
Impact of source of infection on frequency and severity of organ dysfunction in patients with severe sepsis and septic shock.
Diagnostic performance of Unyvero intra-abdominal infection assay compared to standard microbiological culture in patients with abdominal sepsis
Pathogen-specific antibody profiles in patients with severe systemic infections.
Vibrio vulnificus, eine zunehmende Sepsisgefahr in Deutschland?
Sepsis mortality in Germany-Good comparable data are currently unavailable
A multifaceted educational intervention improved anti-infectious measures but had no effect on mortality in patients with severe sepsis: results of the second intervention phase of the MEDUSA trial.
Do not forget the blood cultures!
Alpha-Toxin in Deep Tracheal Aspirates-Preliminary Evidence for Its Presence in the Lungs of Sepsis Patients.
(1???3)-?-D-Glucan-guided antifungal therapy in adults with sepsis: the CandiSep randomized clinical trial.
(1???3)-?-D-Glucan-guided antifungal therapy in adults with sepsis: the CandiSep randomized clinical trial.
The German Quality Network Sepsis: Evaluation of a Quality Collaborative on Decreasing Sepsis-Related Mortality in a Controlled Interrupted Time Series Analysis.
Correction to: Local Intra-arterial Vasodilator Infusion in Non-Occlusive Mesenteric Ischemia Significantly Increases Survival Rate.
Efficacy and Safety of Vilobelimab (IFX-1), a Novel Monoclonal Anti-C5a Antibody, in Patients With Early Severe Sepsis or Septic Shock-A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Multicenter, Phase IIa Trial (SCIENS Study).
[S3 Guideline Sepsis-prevention, diagnosis, therapy, and aftercare : Long version].
[S3 guideline sepsis-prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and aftercare : Summary of the strong recommendations].
[S3 guideline sepsis-prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and aftercare : Summary of the strong recommendations].
[New challenges for intensive care medicine due to climate change and global warming].
Ethical aspects of time in intensive care decision making.
Validation study of German inpatient administrative health data for epidemiological surveillance and measurement of quality of care for sepsis: the OPTIMISE study protocol.
Current clinical use of intravenous fosfomycin in ICU patients in two European countries.
The German Quality Network Sepsis: study protocol for the evaluation of a quality collaborative on decreasing sepsis-related mortality in a quasi-experimental difference-in-differences design.