Michael North

Thermal catalytic conversion: general discussion

Life cycle and upscaling: general discussion

History's Prehistory Modernist Studies before the New

Lotteries, Art Markets, and Visual Culture in the Low Countries, 15th-17th Centuries.

A Sea and its Saints. Hagiography in the medieval Mediterraneum

Europe, the Sea and the World. A maritime History of Modern Times

The Afterlife of Modernism

Connected seas I

Connected Seas II: The perception and memory of the seas

Luxury in Global Perspective. Objects and Practices, 1600-2000

What Is the Present?

Here and Now CONCLUSION

The Cinematic Present: From Intolerance to Interstellar

Narrative and the "Unexplained Instant"

The Present in Pictures

The Longest Now: A History of the Historical Present

The Search for the Experiential Present

This Point in Time

What Is the Present? Introduction

Commonwealth of Letters: British Literary Culture and the Emergence of Postcolonial Aesthetics

From Olinda to Netherlands: The Nassau Cabinet of Curiosities

Silver and Power. Long-distance Trade, Tribute and the Piast Rule Formation in Northeast European Perspective (800-1100)

Future Directions in Borderlands Studies

Globalizing Borderlands Studies in Europe and North America Introduction

The Reception of Imperial Monetary Reforms in 16th-century Northern Germany

Germany and the Holy Roman Empire, vol 1, From Maximilian the Peace of Westphalia 1493-1648, vol 2, The Peace of Westphalia the Discussion of the Reich, 1648-1806

Literature in the First Media Age: Britain between the Wars.

Pacific Histories: Ocean, Land, People

Capture agents, conversion mechanisms, biotransformations and biomimetics: general discussion

Wider Impacts: general discussion

CO2 reduction reactions: general discussion

Atom efficiency in small molecule and macromolecule synthesis: general discussion

The Hanseatic League in the Early Modern Period

Art and Material Culture in the Cape Colony and Batavia in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centuries

Introduction Mediating Cultures

Modernism and the Museum: Asian, African, and Pacific Art and the London Avant-Garde

Transcending borders: the sea as realm of memory

The Baltic Sea and South China Sea regions: incomparable models of regional integration?

The Picture of Oscar Wilde

CULTURE AND ECONOMIC HISTORY: STATE OF ISSUES AND FUTURE PROSPECTS OF RESEARCH ON EUROPEAN MARKET ART

Everything No More In Memoriam David Foster Wallace

Sensational Modernism: Experimental Fiction and Photography in Thirties America

The modern movement.

The economy of prestige: Prizes, awards, and the circulation of cultural value.

Light in a dark room: Photography and loss.

The Hamburg art market and influences on Northern and Central Europe

The merchant houses of Stockholm, c.1640-1800. A comparative study of early-modern entrepreneurial behaviour

Words in motion: The movies, the readies, and "the revolution of the word" (Panofsky, film theory)

Virtual histories: The year as literary period

Authorship and autography

