Christer Lindqvist

Faroese language learning 1. Gender, word form and gesture

Establishment of Cytotoxic and Non-cytotoxic NK-92 Cell Clones - Evaluation of Their Function as Target Cells

Micro-X-ray fluorescence image analysis of otoliths to distinguish between wild-born and stocked river-spawning whitefish captured in the Baltic Sea

Human IL-15 Inhibits NK Cells Specific for Human NK-92 Cells

Norwegian language history, vol 1, Patttern, vol 2, Practice, vol 3, Ideology, vol 4, Timelines

Our heritage words. Etymological dictionary

Human NK-92 Cells Function as Target Cells for Human NK Cells - Implications for CAR NK-92 Therapies

History of Faroese literature. From the middle ages to the 21st century. First volume 1298-1950

Effects of IL-2 and IL-15 on the human natural killer cell line NK-92-implications for clinical trials

A molecular phylogeny for the Pacific monitor lizards (Varanus subgenus Euprepiosaurus) reveals a recent and rapid radiation with high levels of cryptic diversity

Ancient Nordic. An Introduction

Culturing the Human Natural Killer Cell Line NK-92 in Interleukin-2 and Interleukin-15-Implications for Clinical Trials

Runes. A Handbook

Occurrence and activity of slime nets, Labyrinthula sp among aquatic plants in cold and oligohaline Baltic Sea waters

Reinstatement of Varanus douarrha Lesson, 1830 as a valid species with comments on the zoogeography of monitor lizards (Squamata:Varanidae) in the Bismarck Archipelago, Papua New Guinea

A new blue-tailed Monitor lizard (Reptilia, Squamata, Varanus) of the Varanus indicus group from Mussau Island, Papua New Guinea

New Strategies for Expression and Purification of Recombinant Human RNASET2 Protein in Pichia pastoris

The Phonology of Swedish

Potentiation of Natural Killer Cell Activity with Myricetin

Monitoring of membrane phospholipid scrambling in human erythrocytes and K562 cells with FM1-43-a comparison with annexin V-FITC

Faroese-german dictionary

Autocrine Endocannabinoid Signaling through CB1 Receptors Potentiates OX1 Orexin Receptor Signaling

The Dynamics of Faroese-Danish Language Contact

Danish Grammar, vol 1: Introduction and overview, vol 2: Syntactic and semantic constructions, vol 3: Phrases and their constructions

Faroese-danish dictionary

German-Norwegian Dictionary

Swedish-Danish Dictionary

Spontaneous curvature of ganglioside GM1 - Effect of cross-linking

Gender Assignment in Modern Faroese

Our arveord. Etymological Dictionary

Faroese. A Language Course for Beginners

Mother-tongue Morphology in full production

Increased sensitivity of cholera toxin B treated K562 cells to natural killer cells

Comparison of the baculovirus-insect cell and Pichia pastoris heterologous systems for the expression of the human tumor suppressor protein RNASET2

Farose-English dictionary

Thymic stromal lymphopoietin augments the cytolytic activity of the human natural killer cell line NK-92

Prapositions and prepositional processes. A spatial area in the old and middle low German

Characterization of RNASET2, the first human member of the Rh/T2/S family of glycoproteins

Experiences from the Acreo National Broadband Testbed

Icelandic tongue

Comprehensive German-Danish Dictionary

German-Danish dictionary

Soluble thymic stromal lymphopoietin receptors are absent in murine sera - detection with anti-mTSLPR monoclonal antibodies

Faeroese. An overview and reference grammar.

How the Foroyar got its phi

The murine thymic stromal lymphopoietin receptor is partially expressed with an extracellular C-terminus

The phonology of Norwegian

Speech and subtitles in subtitled Swedish TV programs. A survey of the problem and suggestions for an analytical model

Ordning-i-bruket-skal-till-vanan. Basic positions of Swedish grammarians in the 18th century

Development of a time-resolved fluorescence resonance energy transfer assay (cell TR-FRET) for protein detection on intact cells

