Hubertus Buchstein

Being a master of metaphors

Klaus von Beyme. A biography of his work

Carl Schmitt's Counter-Revolution

Learning from Franz L. Neumann. Law, Theory, and the Brute Facts of Political Life

Lottocracy and deliberative accountability

Sustainable Non-Sustainability. Why the ecological Transformation of Society is not taking place

Otto Kirchheimer and the Frankfurt School: Failed Collaborations in the Search for a Critical Theory of Politics

Democracy and lottery: Revisited

Towards post-growth society - From resonance theory to aleatoric democracy

Observing communicative competences

Political Education as a Science Task. The Relation of the Basic Generation of German Political Science to political Education

Diarchyal politics - Thinking with Urbinati beyond Urbinati

Europe entrapped

Techniques and Symbolisms of premodern Voting Processes

Criticism of "Realpolitik". Origin of left-liberal vision of world society. Autobiography.

Modern political theory. Fifteen Introductory Lectures.

Reviving Randomness for Political Rationality: Elements of a Theory of Aleatory Democracy

KASSEL ROUNDTABLE ON HABERMAS: GERMAN PERSPECTIVES

Randomizing Europe: the lottery as a decision-making procedure for policy creation in the EU

Karl Loewenstein. Transatlantic thinker of politics

Critiques of representative democracy .

Democracy theories. Historical process - Theoretical development - Sociotechnical conditions. An introduction.

In danger to disappear? Political theory and history of political thought in the trap of curricular reforms in Germany

Democracy competence. Articles from political science, education and political education.

Post-democracy

The sentimental citizen. Emotion in democratic politics.

Political science as a university career. A collective biography of professors of political science in Germany between 1949 and 1999

Online Democracy, Is it Viable? Is it Desirable? Internet Voting and Normative Democratic Theory

How Democratic is the American constitution?

Order and history, vol 1, cosmological kingdoms in the Ancient East: Mesopotamia and Egypt

What is the purpose of democracy? - Postnational challenge of the theory of democracy

Fight for a democratic Germany. Emigrants between Politics and Political Science

History of political socience in Germany

Democracy's edges.

Democracy's value.

Totalitarian pluralism - On Franz L. Neumann's analyses of the political and legal structure of Nazi authority

Secret voting counts and democracy movement. The political goals of the reform movement for the 'Australian Ballot' in the USA

Cybercitizens and theory of democracy

The modernization of democracy - International approaches - German - Zillessen,H, Dienel,P, Strubelt,W

The myth of democratic failure. Why political institutions are efficient - Wittman,D

Democracy and technology - Sclove,RE

Bureaucratic power and democratic society - Control of public administration - International perspective - German - Schafer,IE

Theory of democracy - German - Sartori,G

The virtual community. Homestanding on the electronic frontier - Rheingold,H

The expansion of rule - Study on the theory of democracy - German - Richter,E

Sustainable democracy - Przeworski,A

Democratization in eastern Europe. Domestic and international perspectives - Pridham,G, Vanhanen,T

Gender and democracy - German - Phillips,A

Democracy and democratization - Parry,G, Moran,M

The return political - Mouffe,C

