Horst Krist,32321;

Illuminating the Dark Ages: Pupil Dilation as a Measure of Expectancy Violation Across the Life Span

Which object is about to fall? Development of young children's intuitive knowledge about physical support relations as assessed in an active search task

Theory of Mind and the Video Deficit Effect: Video Presentation Impairs Children's Encoding and Understanding of False Belief

Do infants understand false beliefs? We don't know yet - A commentary on Baillargeon, Buttelmann and Southgate's commentary

How robust are anticipatory looking measures of Theory of Mind? Replication attempts across the life span

METHODS

Adults’ Sex Difference in a Dynamic Mental Rotation Task

Development of basic intuitions about physical support during early childhood: Evidence from a novel eye-tracking paradigm

Implicit Theory of Mind across the life span - Anticipatory looking data

Does the Motor System Facilitate Spatial Imagery?

Contrasting preschoolers’ verbal reasoning in an object-individuation task with young infants’ preverbal feats

Book Review: Emerging minds: The process of change in children’s thinking

Gibt es einen Videodefiziteffekt bei Aufgaben zur Theory of Mind?

Analogue Mental Transformations in 3-Year-Olds: Introducing a New Mental Rotation Paradigm Suitable for Young Children

Development of Intuitive Statics

Towards a new method for bridging the gap between “smart” infants and “dumb” preschoolers

Untitled

Development of intuitions about support beyond infancy.

Imagery and Motor Processes When Are They Connected? The Mental Rotation of Body Parts in Development

Verknüpfung von Vorstellung und Motorik in der Entwicklung

Dynamic action in virtual environments: Constraints on the accessibility of action knowledge in children and adults

Controlling reaching movements with predictable and unpredictable target motion in 10-year-old children and adults

Children’s Block Balancing Revisited: No Evidence for Representational Redescription

Task-specific knowledge of the law of pendulum motion in children and adults

Mikrogenetische Studien zum physikalischen Wissenserwerb von Kindern:

When Is the Ball Going to Hit the Ground? Duration Estimates, Eye Movements, and Mental Imagery of Object Motion.

Recognizing Impossible Object Relations: Intuitions About Support in Chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes).

Knowing How to Project Objects: Probing the Generality of Children's Action Knowledge

Judgment and action knowledge in speed adjustment tasks: experiments in a virtual environment

The internalization of physical constraints from a developmental perspective

Development of naive beliefs about moving objects

Integration of intuitive knowledge in learning at school

Cognitive development in infancy: From Neo-Nativism towards a developmental conception

From Neo-Nativism towards a developmental conception of cognitive conception in infants - Response to Beate Sodian

Intuitive physics in action: Perceptual-motor knowledge about projectile motion in 5-7-year-old children

Intuitive physics in action and judgment: The development of knowledge about projectile motion.

DEVELOPMENT OF NAIVE THEORIES OF MOTION - THE SMALLER THE PROJECTION ANGLE THE GREATER THE DISTANCE

INTUITIVE PHYSICS IN MOTOR CONTROL AND EXPLICIT JUDGMENT

