Martin Meschede

New insights into the structural development and shortening of the southern Jasmund Glacitectonic Complex (Rugen, Germany) based on balanced cross sections

Laudation Honorary Membership is awarded to Prof. Dr.-Ing. Dr. H. c. mult. Friedrich-Wilhelm Wellmer

Laudation Honorary Membership is awarded to Dr. Werner Stackebrandt

Laudation Gustav-Steinmann-Medal is awarded to Prof. Dr. Gerhard Bohrmann

Honorary Membership awarded to Prof. Dr. Reinhard Gaupp

Serge von Bubnoff Medal awarded to Dr. Sylke Hlawatsch

Leopold von Buch Plaque awarded to Prof. Dr. Xavier Le Pichon, has works published, Geophysicist

Fault system evolution in the Baltic Sea area west of Rugen, NE Germany

The Wiek Fault System east of Rugen Island: origin, tectonic phases and its relationship to the Trans-European Suture Zone

3D microstructural architecture of deformed glacigenic sediments associated with large-scale glacitectonism, Jasmund Peninsula (NE Rugen), Germany

Field Guide to the Geology of Northeastern Oman

Field Guide to the Geology of Northeastern Oman Foreword and Acknowledgements

Field sites

Geology of Oman

Vegetation of Oman

Climate

Archaeology of Oman

Field Guide to the Geology of Northeastern Oman Introduction

Leopold-of-Book-Plaque awarded to Prof. Dr. Trond Helge Torsvik

Serge-of-Bubnoff Medal awarded to Dr. Werner Stackebrandt

Geodynamic model of the northwestern Caribbean: scaled reconstruction of Late Cretaceous to Late Eocene plate boundary relocation in Cuba

Seafloor Geology of the Basement Serpentinite Body in the Ohmachi Seamount (Izu-Bonin Arc) as Exhumed Parts of a Subduction Zone Within the Philippine Sea

Plate Tectonics: Continental Drift and Mountain Building

Facies and provenance of basin-margin deposits in the Los Palacios Basin (Capdevila Formation, Cuba)

Serge-von-Bubnoff Medal awarded to Prof. Dr. Jan Harff. Professor Jan Harff i s Head of the Marine Geology Section of the Leibniz Baltic Sea Research Institute. Published several works.

The North American-Caribbean Plate boundary in Mexico-Guatemala-Honduras

Hans-Stille-medal awarderd to Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Frisch

The trace of the Pacific-Cocos-Nazca triple junction in the Central Pacific and the formation of an overlapping spreading centre

Hermann-Credner-prize awarded to Prof. Dr. Cornelia Spiegel

Hans-Stille-Medal awarded to Prof. Dr. Gerhard Katzung

Finite element modeling of the marginal structure of tectonic erosion in the peninsula of Nicoya (Costa Rica)

The Costa Rica convergent margin: a textbook example for the process of subduction erosion

Dedication to Wolfgang Frisch

Benthic foraminiferal distribution and sedimentary structures suggest tectonic erosion at the Costa Rica convergent plate margin

Geodynamic evolution of southern Costa Rica related to low-angle subduction of the Cocos Ridge: constraints from thermochronology

Structure, inferred mechanical properties, and implications for fluid transport in the decollement zone, Costa Rica convergent margin

Tectonic erosion and consequent collapse of the Pacific margin of Costa Rica: Combined implications from ODP Leg 170, seismic offshore data, and regional geology of the Nicoya Peninsula

The relationship of the Cocos and Carnegie ridges: age constraints from paleogeographic reconstructions

Precambrian "fossil" Vermiforma is a tectograph

Neural network interpretation of LWD data (ODP Leg 170) confirms complete sediment subduction at the Costa Rica convergent margin

Melange formation by subduction erosion: the case of the Osa melange in southern Costa Rica

Subsidence and extension at a convergent plate margin: evidence for subduction erosion off Costa Rica

A plate-tectonic model for the Mesozoic and Early Cenozoic history of the Caribbean plate

Extinct spreading on the Cocos Ridge

The impossible Galapagos connection: Geometric constraints for a near-American origin of the Caribbean plate

Visualization of tectonic structures in shallow-depth high-resolution ground-penetrating radar (GPR) profiles

Stress transmission across an active plate boundary: An example from southern Mexico

A COARSE-GRAINED TURBIDITE SYSTEM WITH MORPHOTECTONIC CONTROL (MIDDLE ALBIAN, ONDARROA, NORTHERN IBERIA) - DISCUSSION

ORIGIN OF THE CENTRAL-AMERICAN OPHIOLITES - EVIDENCE FROM PALEOMAGNETIC RESULTS

2ND LOOK AT SUSPECT TERRANES IN SOUTHERN MEXICO

